Toronto Workers Co-op Meeting 26 Sep 2018
=========================================

[ðŸ“§ Mailing List: XXXX@cryptography.dog](mailto:XXXX@cryptography.dog)
[ðŸ—“ Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
[ðŸ“‘ Retreat Planning Board](https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-meetup/projects/1)

Time: 26 Sep 2018 5:30 pm EST
Location: https://appear.in/offline
Attending: benhylau, udit, yurko, ansuz, dcwalk, elon, garry

[TOC]

## Agenda    

1. Previous Business
    - Review [Actionable Items](https://hackmd.io/y-YGwqvSTt6Of1Ue-QugBg?both#Actionable-items) from last meeting
    - Gathering updates about grants (Protocol Labs, others?)
1. November Planning Session
    - **schedule**: date, times, and length
    - **format**: pre-read, facilitated sessions, async work
    - **themes and outcomes for the discussion in November**: consensus on vision + mission, levels of commitment, roles and remuneration, mechanisms for decision making and conflict resolution, code of conduct etc.
1. Determining who has availability to plan and coordinate the November planning session
1. Going over how we communicate in the coming months (mailing list, riot, docs etc.)

## Notes

### Previous Business

- Review Actionable items 
    * ~~ben: plan another meeting for next week?~~
    * ~~dawn: set up a poll to arrive at a _Generally Available Time_~~
    * ansuz: set up a google docs shared folder
      * will do this week
    * ansuz: make a git repository with a (possibly self-hosted) upstream
      * https://github.com/cryptographydog
    * ansuz: set up a mailing list?
      * mailing list with cryptography.dog
      * get emails from the offline.networks proposal
    * ben: loop Rob and Udit into the planning process for coop meeting
      * project board?
      * shouldn't live only in Meeting notes!
      * d: let's start planning **now** (I can share old docs)
        * b: can't foresee people being available _now_ because we planned to start in November
        * d: if we can't plan now, we shouldn't schedule now.
        * _give people time to be successful_ --d
    * future: Talk about our plan for what we do if we don't get the grant
      * this informs how much time we ought to allocate towards coop activity before we know the status of the grant
    * future: create a policy for a coop _reading networks_
    * future: name the organization
      * buy a domain?
      * November meeting, we use cryptography.dog as stand-in name for now
      * offline.systems is a project name not org name

2. Gathering updates on grants

- ben: haven't heard back aside from knowing the review is in-process
    - evan just came back from vacay, not expecting to hear back this week
    - send follow up next week? maybe offer a call, on Monday
- other grant leads, submissions... that people are interested in?
    - ansuz: looking into next year, prelim convos about privacy-oriented stuff. A lot up in the air
    - udit: meeting with CCA around research on tech use. Very vague, early now
    - benhylau: Mozilla? ISOC? CIRA? (annual granting cycle--Spring 2019)
    - ansuz: https://github.com/ralphtheninja/open-funding
    - benhylau: https://digitaljusticelab.ca/grants (small grant for workshop facilitation)

### ~~November~~ December Planning Session

- dcwalk sharing experience with planning previous planning exercise
    - 6 weeks to plan
    - some work every week, a couple 10ish hour weeks?
- udit: who wants to be part of planning?
- ansuz has to be remote
    - can help with note taking during November sessions
    - can help leading up to the date (except the first two weeks of November when I'll be in India), so mid-Nov on
- dcwalk: plan for remote participation
- udit: poll
- udit: collect themes before our meeting 
- dcwalk: set expectations of how much to read
- ansuz: collect readings on github repo
- ansuz: can host readings if needed
- dcwalk: sample session topics from Data Together:
    - _Mission, Vision, Value_ (good starting point) <-- udit agrees (3 hours sync meetings)
    - _Planning for Our Future_
- benhylau: want face time
- dcwalk: everyone on laptop vs. Toronto people in a room and remote people call in
- udit: should person planning just make decision?
- ansuz: we should do some delegative democracy instead of consense on every little thing
- dcwalk: "we are going to launch an ICO" scale of decision <-- should do best effort to get feedback
- dcwalk: expect each person to do 5 hours per week of pondering about lyfe before showing up at meeting
- benhylau: some output from that pondering?
- ansuz: _manifestos_, from each person <-- that's the word benhylau was looking for
- dcwalk: structured or casual output prior to meeting, but want some convergence not all over the place
- benhylau: a _prompt_, we need a prompt!

### Availability to coordinate ~~November~~ December planning session

#### December Planning Working Group (DPWG Coin)

|Name|Availability|Notes|
|:--|:--|:--|
|udit|Async last two weeks of Nov|Able to lead if enough supporting people|
|benhylau|Oct 27 onwards|Async before Oct 27 then pretty available to help plan|
|dcwalk|Available with no travel plans|Don't want to lead but can assist in planning|
|ansuz|Async and day-of|Leaving shortly for France, no fixed plans for return to Toronto|
|patcon|_(check with patcon)_||
|rob|_(check with rob)_||

#### Actual Planning

- first week of December:
    - in person: dcwalk, benhylau, yurko, elon, garry, udit (likely)
    - ansuz (remote or possibly in person)

### Going over how we communicate in the coming months 

- (mailing list, riot, docs etc.)
- how do we even communicate?!
    - **mailing list** set up for low volume, quick turnaround
    - **riot** for high volume
    - yurko: bridge riot to the mailing list
- dcwalk: biweekly meetings, git project board for DPWG
- benhylau: use this recurring timeslot, rotate between biweekly general and biweekly DPWG
- benhylau: call general meeting on off weeks as needed
- dcwalk: next week is a planning meeting
- dcwalk: Google calendar!

### Actionable Items

- [ ] all: collect themes and readings for next week
    - [Reading Pool Pad](https://hackmd.io/_vUINRdvR1qlry3B5aNXqw)
- [x] dcwalk: set up google calendar
    - [calendar link](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
    - [ical](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
- [ ]  all: accept invite to crypto-dog gh org
- [ ]  ansuz: set up a google docs shared folder
- [ ]  anyone: make sure that a google friendly email is provided
- [ ]  DPWG: planning meeting next week
- [ ]  all-hands meeting: 2 weeks
- [ ]  dcwalk and ansuz to coordinate infra setup
- [ ]  benhylau: follow up email with Protocol Labs if we don't hear back by Monday, suggest call / async addressing feedback
