# 2019-06-12 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: Wed, June 12, 2019 @ 5-6pm ET  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/hyphacoop  
Attending: ...

- patcon
- elon
- garry
- ben

Notetaker: benedict

:raising_hand: Next: patcon, udit, dc, elon, yurko, garry, benedict  
<sup>Bump to end on taking turn :)</sup>

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Action Items
    - [ ] Set new meeting pace. [Loomio poll](https://loomio.hypha.coop/d/1YXukDNG/revised-summer-meeting-schedule-for-all-hands-calls)
    - [ ] all: Review short-link implementation MVP
    - [ ] patcon: Create a Loomio thread on short link implementation
    - [ ] patcon: create loomio poll for new summer meeting/check-in cadence
    - [ ] garry+patcon: begin drafting org PM role definition
    - [x] patcon: update [template][template] with new call url
    - [ ] patcon: update template with new format ([example](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/blob/master/2019-05-15-all-hands-meeting.md))
    - [ ] dcwalk: migrate last week's 
    to github
    - [ ] dcwalk: migrate these notes to github
- Runthrough Announcements and Updates (add below)
- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
- Discussion
    - Update on Aether project (ben 5 min)
    - One spot for notes/action items (patcon 20 min)
        - Prototype: [Meeting Index](https://beta.hackfoldr.org/hyphacoop-meetings/)
    - Using shortlinks to mentally index resources #decisions
        - [pending PR](https://github.com/hyphacoop/worker-coop-scripts/pull/2)
        - UI: link.hypha.coop/shortlinks
    - Meeting pace decision #action (patcon 10 min)

## Announcements

- Created [new placeholder website](https://hypha.coop/) (patcon)
    - [GitHub repo](https://github.com/hyphacoop/hypha.coop) with [unmerged PR](https://github.com/hyphacoop/hypha.coop/pull/1) #action
- Squatted social namespaces (patcon)
    - instagram.com/hyphacoop
    - facebook.com/hyphacoop
- New general email: hello@hypha.coop
- New inventory of services: link.hypha.coop/inventory
- burak: discussion. start date => aug.
- patcon: pol.is workshop alignment with our facilitation interest

## Notes

- Admin PM & task tracking
    - patcon and garry interested
    - start from Civic Tech process
- New meeting pace (table)
- patcon put up minimal website with elon
- discussions
    - aether. 3h park convo with burak. how they're positioned, and their pro offering.
        - 2 projects. community+pro. community = p2p. pro = on-site or hosted.
        - different appeals.
        - why would anyone use this as hosted? there is no competitor. can't host own reddit. sync chat are non productive. current solution: new rooms. not good enough.
        - patcon: this is great opportunity regardless. but not clear how pro will interact with community. will we end up working on a closed product?
        - ben: burak wants to build an email service, and an image server. swappable providers?
        - wants a team lead model, and aug will allow that.
        - garry: fixed rate of $30? yes.
            - dev or design? all coding for now.
        - where did the commit history go?
        - personality-wise. more reserved. likes to work in private tree, and pushes. feels unreasonable for others to have opinions on how he prefers for work.
        - ben: lots of convo with burak about models that are less co-optable.
        - [ ] #action ben setting meeting with burak.
        - [ ] #action add details to shared hackmd.
        - [ ] #action #longterm how do contracts work with us?
        - [ ] #action solicit templates for contracts, and advice.
    - one place for meeting notes/actions
        - demo'd
        - no objections
        - nice to have one place
        - can self-host ethercalc or hackfoldr itself (but start with hosted version)
        - #action back-fill notes
        - #decision next week
        - https://ethercalc.net/
        - https://github.com/hackfoldr/hackfoldr-2.0-forkme
    - shortlinks
        - ben: more appropriate for infra WG meeting
        - #action set meeting date (elon)
        - goal: create plan for what we plan to self-host
        - creating value set for infra decisions
        - ben: path off is most important

## Follow Up

### Actionable Items

- [ ] patcon, garry: meet to discuss Admin PM & task tracking...
- [ ] elon: organizing larger infra strategy WG meetings
- [ ] ben: Aether coordinating and scheduling first meetings

### Upcoming Discussions

- ...

<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations
