# 2019-04-17 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: 17:00 - 18:00 EDT  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/offline  
Attending: 
    dc
    elon
    udit
    yurko
    patcon (late)
    ben (second half, later)
    
Notetaker:

    [ ] benedict

    [X] dc

    [ ] elon

    [ ] garry

    [ ] patcon

    [ ] udit

    [ ] yurko


[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Action Items
    - [ ] all: please put your position on [transparency](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public)
        - [ ] Review current contributions
        - [ ] Contribute cases (e.g. project)
        - [ ] patcon, etc: Share resources
        - [ ] patcon (depending on the outcome of thread): look at using pol.is
    - [ ] ben: discuss with accountant from OCA / referral from dawn
        - [ ] Investigate financial softwares (e.g., intuit quickbooks wave, other options?): [loomio thread][3]
    - [x] dc: Set up desjardin meeting
    - [x] dc: set up handbook repo
    - [x] garry: thinking about project-specific transparency
    - [x] udit: Cultivator until end of April

        - [x] demo different pad for next call, have cultivator pick one (riseup)

- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
- Upcoming Discussions
    - Transparency of conversations, tools
    - Opportunities and Proposals 

    - Partnerships (Tactical Tech, dc)

    - ProgressTO email

    - Email handling
    - Transition of Infrastructure
    - Check-in on Cultivator role
    - Finances: Software + Banking
    - Handbook Development (Document toolchain)
    - **APR 24** Decision on non-profit status
    - **early-MAY** Review feasibility report / business plan
    - **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation

## Notes

- Ran through action items, discussed flow of only looking at Action Items from bottom of last pad

### Working group updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]

    - not much to talk about since last meeting


- [Finance][fin-wg]

    - Talked to joe on the phone

    - Added notes to [finance research pad](https://hackmd.io/JCKRSvcTQ12EP-O_nzd-mQ). Has research from all 3 meetings

    - No red flags from desjardins, good vibes, telling it like he saw it

    - Desjardins does not have much co-op business (classic!)

    - No relationship with Meridian

    - They have all the things included

    - Support international accounts/intl wires

    - Have business centre on king st.

    - business freedom solution by visa (business credit card)

    - Credit check for incorporators

    - Need incorporation docs to move forward

    - Next step:

    - Finance group decide on inital products

    - Will make a proposed option to all-hands

    - Yurko on behalf of ben - Ben sent a list of question to OCA waiting for response.

- [Governance][gov-wg]

    - Need to get in touch with Reba? (One other call to schedule

    - Lots of discussions with folks (govt, etc.)

    - Discussion for profit/np is expected next week

- [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]

    - Handbook has been set up

    - What shall we use? (gitbook has not been updated for a while, no support)


### Discussions

#### Transparency 

- [Loomio thread](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public)
- "no questions asked" redaction?

    - what is the case where folks who are not as vocal being able to ask for things to be made not public more easily

    - dc: I wonder about whether an explicit consent

- "meeting notes and other documents"

    - dc: that was probably ambiguity on my part... we should scope it: e.g., all-hands and handbook

- dc: also just want to point to open being very capacity building and a way to be invited in
- patcon: sharing, sincerity, intimacy -- when does that make sense as an organization? or what are those things in an organizational ecosystem?

    - deafult to open, not because an ideal, but because in right environs it enables an intention to be felt

- udit: types of meetings where public sharing might prevent discussion (opps publicly, frank discussion)
- dc: agree -- maybe a model/practice of "in camera" might help us? Anyone just asks to go in camera and when to leave it?
- patcon: maybe down the road an intuitive way to grasp where folks were uncomfy down the road
- udit: next steps?

    - dc: have a proposed text submitted to handbook

    - udit + patcon to review


#### Mailing List

- patcon: process for deciding whether people are gone?
- udit: process for who is here:
      - everyone who was as retreat is "here"
      - everyone who has shown up since is "here"
- dc: member status future problem (look at EDGI, Civic Tech?)
- patcon: Enspiral member and contributor? and adjacent friends?

    - indicates that we 

- udit: two mailinglists: "members" and friends+allies

    - garry: "sick newsletter"

    - dc: THERE ARE SCHEMES on autogen newsletters from patcon

    - dc: also EDGI newsletter experirence with active 

- udit: who can update mailserver?

    - elon: can do #todo

- ben: want an external email to copy
- patcon: pairing on infra install as a strategy
- patcon: .coop -- don't need to be incorporated to get it. have to be in process (probably loomio link enough

- ben: lets just get it, use hover as initial registration, then set up 

- **We consensed on**:

    - members@ (internal mailing list), trim to the 7 of those committed to incorporating for now

    - xxxx@ (sick newsletter, friends and allies at some point)

    - Yurko will buy the co-op domain


- How much do we have in startup funds?

    - $900 in bank


## Projects

- Next time
- Dawn also wants to pitch a collaboration as part of her dissertation work

## Handbook

- dc: context -- gitbook-cli is unmaintained and only the hosted option is available

    - Fork gitbook cli?

- patcon: what about pandoc and ci?

    - dc: have done this locally! super great!

- ben: jekyll theme?

    - dc: yeah! did the round about 1.5 years ago, saw no great themes

- udit: future ideas: work with OCA or something to socialize idea of co-op

    - patcon: feel most strongly about building precedent in a community 

- dc: open source blogging platform, ghost?
- ben: jekyll + travis (tag to deploy), markdown pdf

    - mozilla (open) themes

    - like the tools

    - don't know if right thing for this book

    - dependencies: https://github.com/tomeshnet/p2p-internet-workshop/blob/master/install-dependencies.sh


- patcon: "what if we had a minecraft office"

## Upcoming Discussions UPDATE THIS SECTION AFTER THE CALL

- Opportunities and Proposals 
- Transition of Infrastructure
- Check-in on Cultivator role
- Finances: Software + Banking
- **APR 24** Decision on non-profit status
- **early-MAY** Review feasibility report / business plan
- **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation


## Actionable Items

- [ ] Yurko: date on Bank proposal for next meeting April 24
- [ ] Yurko: buy the hypha.coop domain
- [ ] dc: draft working open statement for submission to handbook

    - [ ] patcon: review

    - [ ] udit: review

- [ ] All: collect examples for handbook toolchain discussion
- [ ] Elon: update members@ mailing list to current incorporators (7 of us)
- [ ] ??: transfer members@ to .coop domain


<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://hackmd.io/0mgHiik2QwOLbOT-2_Uh7w?edit
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations

