# 2019-12-03 Hypha Worker Co-op: Finance WG Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Tue, Dec 03, 2019 @ 4:30pm  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  bl, yj, pc  
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker:  yj  

## Agenda

- Logistic things (ben)
    - Delegate person for All Hands to give summary
    - Meeting time
- TransferWise business account walkthrough #154 (ben)
- QB invoicing in USD #154 (ben)
- Payroll #156
- Shareholder loans #154
- Bookkeeper meeting #122

## Notes

_`#ask` indicates questions for our accountant or bookkeeper_

- pc to be All Hands presenter
- backlog grooming
    - #120 low priority
    - added #160 to backlog
    - #121 low priority
- re: meeting time.
    - same time. value yurko's attention more than ben's sleep. new hold in calendar for 1h before #todo:patcon


- Transferwise Walkthrough > Ben
    - business not verified
    - Add different accounts
    - Canadian dollar is "special" - more ways to deposit monies
    - #todo discuss invite and earn CAD$75
    - Transfer between currency is cheep
    - Accepting wire transfers is cheap
        - Most banks: $25-70
        - TW: flat rate $5.24 USD for 1,000 or 10,000
    - ben is admin using finance@hypha.coop (FOREVER)
        - can only be changed manually via support chat
    - #todo bl - post email saying they can remove him via support
    - yj: we'll only be doing this for medium-term. eventually using bank with USD.
    - bl: proposal = 1 admin, 2 viewers.
    - yj: "bookeeper" roll will have to balance the books
    - pc: will we always use transferwise? is this longterm?
        - all +1 on building longterm process around transferwise. bl: 2 years ish at least.
    - pc: Permission levels 
        - suggestion - add into the group and use social agreement for not editing
        - bl: would prefer to keep it more restrictive
        - Share l/p with 1 other rest view
        - pc will get access
- #154 USD invoices
    - yj: can't expect client to always have transferwise
    - #ask bookkeeper do we need to track transferwise movements between currencies in our books?
        - #todo:patcon transfer to #122
    - bl: may need to track USD in our books
    - yj: when I spend CAD credit card in US, it just converts. how is this different?
    - bl: proposal = we should try with accepting USD, and if it's hard, revise our policy to be CAD only.
    - bl yj: lets do it this way and then see what the book keeper says during the review.
- payroll
    - pc: mostly doing reading and research so far
    - pc: finding recommendations that payroll should be done weekly for hourly work. re: MaRS resource.
    - bl: thats just one opinion. do not wish to re-open.
    - pc: this is finance WG decision to make. we can just decide here.
    - bl: don't wish to revisit.
    - pc: if no one else convinced by new research, will retract concern.
    - after ben left call, yj spoke about finding more resources recommending biweekly for hourly or irregular work.
    - #ask how complex is it to switch pay periods
        - #todo:patcon transfer to #122
        
### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [x] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive
