---
filename: -meeting-template.md
---
# 2019-04-10 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: 17:00 - 18:00 EDT  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/offline  
Attending: 
- elon
- yurko
- ben
- udit
- garry
- dc

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Action Items
    - [x] ben: draft a PM role proposal on loomio
    - [ ] all: please put your position on [transparency](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public)
        - [ ] Review current contributions
        - [ ] Contribute cases (e.g. project)
        - [ ] patcon, etc: Share resources
        - [ ] patcon (depending on the outcome of thread): look at using pol.is
    - ~~all: poll on updating mailinglist~~
    - [x] dc: to move PM role notes to Loomio
    - [ ] ben: discuss with accountant from OCA / referral from dawn
        - [ ] Investigate financial softwares (e.g., intuit quickbooks wave, other options?): [loomio thread][3]
    - ~~all: Loomio discussion for email (communications)~~
        - ~~Next week discussion on mailinglist admin and adoption an EDGI-like~~
    - [ ] patcon: chairing next meeting
- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
- Upcoming Discussions
    - Transparency of conversations, tools
    - Email handling
    - Transition of Infrastructure
    - Check-in on PM/reminders role
    - Finances: Software + Banking
    - **APR 17** Decision on non-profit status
    - **early-MAY** Review feasibility report / business plan
    - **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation

## Notes

- Ran through previous action items

### Working group updates

- Business planning
    - first review, early-May discussion with group, second pass in next couple weeks
- Finance
    - Yurko: Met with Meridien, left notes on [hackpad](https://hackmd.io/JCKRSvcTQ12EP-O_nzd-mQ). 
    - Apparently didn't know that Desjardin and Meridien have merge
    - Cheapest account is $9
    - Virtual Bank called Motis
    - Will add more based on reply to email
    - For multisig (2 signing officers for withdrawals) has to be in banch
    - Paryroll not  Desjardins but Pay Work
    - Dawn to check out Desjardins in the next week, ideally
    - Yurko can ask more questions at DUCA if required
- Governance 
    - Dawn: Slight update and another round of conversations with other co-ops
    - On track for reccomendation for next week (Non profit vs Profit)
- Infra & Ops
    - Dawn: Role of PM/Cultivator, what's the best way to store the burgeoning member handbook?
    - e-mail and mailing list infrastructure (today's conversation)
    - Yurko: looked at passbolt (saas or self-hosted) [Link](https://pass.hypha.systems)

### Discussions

- Check-in on PM/reminders role
  - Reviewed Tasks 
      - covers everything 
      - not a small job, thinking about transfer 
      - 2 - 3/4 hours
      - dc: about 2 hours 2 weeks ago 
      - notetaking?
        - dc: separate (rotate on a list)
        - udit: separate notetaker + pull request 
        - dc: updated loomio with our decisions 
  - **Consensed** on Cultivator and Note Taker roles 
  - Member Handbook
      - Proposal to put it in github repo 
      - ben: business plan? mission/vision in handbook?
          - dc: business plan in `december-retreat` 
      - garry: handbook a project in itself? or cultivator maintained?
          - dc: operations wg has it as "project"
      - yurko: handbook as processes, roles, mission/vision
      - ben: name H2O? 
      - dc: I can volunteer to edit/submit
          - ben: using PR flow for simple stuff
          - dc: yes, but if a lot of drafting that is not great
      - **Consensed** to use a separate github repo
- Who will take over the cultivator role:
    - current person decide who person should be?
    - open volunteer led? then cultivator can suggest
- Volunteer cultivator until the end of April?
    - Udit end of April
    - dc: can do May
- Transition of Infrastructure
    - Hackmd
        - all members should be able to use the notetaking software we have, they can't we should change that!
        - host our own? transition to another software?
            - problems the server or the software
            - problems in chrome and firefox
            - jitsi+hackmd combo?
        - proposal: demo different pad for next call, have cultivator pick one
            - riseup (Next meeting)
            - etherpad 
            - cryptpad
    - Github Org 
        - dc: changing github name to reflect our actual name?
        - "hypha-coop" or "hyphacoop"
        - "hypha-worker-coop"
        - "hypha-cooperative"
        - no dashes, same as URL
    - URL external // internal
        .systems
        .codes
        .club
    - **Consensed** to change github org name to `hyphacoop`
- Transparency of conversations, tools
    - Is there something we should be doing differently in the process?
    - https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public
    - Proxies?
        - Yurko leaning toward DC's list 
        - Garry 
    - Udit: knowing why things are open (having a perspective on that from the get)
    - Garry: clear delineation between public and private (and DENOTE THAT CLEARLY)
        - We should talk about project-specific privacy and how to manage that
    - dc: I think that handbook where this decision lives, but permates spaces (i.e., meeting templates?)

## Upcoming Discussions

- Transparency of conversations, tools
- Email and mailinglist
- Transition of infrastructure
    - domain
    - securing namespace elsewhere (social media, dockerhub, etc...)
- Finances: Banking
- Finances: Software
- **APR 17** Decision on non-profit status
- **early-MAY** Review feasibility report / business plan
- **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation

## Actionable Items

- [ ] ben: business planning (human resources, operations) drafting by APR 24
- [ ] udit: business planning (market, advertising) drafting by APR 24
- [ ] ben: discuss with accountant from OCA / referral from dawn
    - [ ] Investigate financial softwares (e.g., intuit quickbooks wave, other options?)
- [ ] dc: Set up desjardin meeting
- [ ] dc: set up handbook repo
- [ ] garry: thinking about project-specific transparency
- [ ] all: please put your position on [transparency](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public)
    - [ ] Review current contributions
    - [ ] Contribute cases (e.g. project specific)
    - [ ] patcon, etc: Share resources 
- [ ] udit: Cultivator until end of April
    - [ ] demo different pad for next call, have cultivator pick one (riseup)


<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://hackmd.io/0mgHiik2QwOLbOT-2_Uh7w?edit
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations
