# 2019-10-30 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:      Wed, Oct. 30 @ 5-6pm ET  
Location:  https://link.hypha.coop/calls (updating now)  
Attending: yj, pc, el, bl, gi, uv  
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker: bl :raising_hand: Next up: gi, uv, yj, pc, dc, el, bl

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         25 |
| --- [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |    |
| --- [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)     |            |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- The most hacker thing you've ever done?
    - gi: idk, flash shit?
    - yj: hacked into school web server on a challenge from the principal
    - bl: recovered a deleted file (from IDE cache)
    - el: MR16 flash
    - uv: university phone phreaking, international lines, phone codes on payphones
    - pc: wanted to discuss a topic on tor and failed, got shit stolen next day

### Task Board Review

- Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
- Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
- Triage new tasks
- Missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]

- #todo:pc document signing of documents (e.g. resolutions) in handbook
- e-transfer account not yet ready, maybe it's because we don't have money in there yet
- #decision #todo:yj consensed to move money from yj's account into hypha account
- before Nov 8 can we meet with Nomadic Labs re: branding
    - uv can potentially meet, how many people can actually make it?
    - bl can't be there be want at least 3 ppl there
    - bl: is this a structured exercise or hangout?
    - uv: how extensive is this?
    - #decision pc + uv + Luisa for a call to scope this better

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - ...
- [Finance][fin-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - ...
- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - ...
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:infra-ops`][l-ops]
    - ...

### Project Updates

- ...

### Announcements

- ...

### Discussions

- bl: comfortable frequency for _everyone_ to check GitHub
    - maximum day to check?
    - use :eyes: emoji
- yj: no way for WGs to meet and come to consensus on something
- bl: a lot of things relate to everyone, how do I get permission to move ahead on things?
- pc: how about a walkthru of things?
- yj: chat seems to be a space, loomio is daunting, github feels right
- bl: we now link into loomio thru github
- pc: in-person paired walkthru of CRM tool seemed really helpful, can we do more of these?
    - uv: should we walkthru a github flow?
- uv: too much noise and unclear urgency expectations
- bl: I have no max turn-around expectation, and I have no official way of communicating urgency
- uv: deadlines are important, communicate blocks clearly
- bl: responsible use of @ mentions
- yj: make a urgent ping channel
- uv: personally prefer email + signal, but don't want more tools
- uv: backscroll
- uv: chat is disposable
    - yj: yea use github for things we want to keep
    - pc: Public Lab has update vs. discussion meeting
- do we need loomio?
    - single source of truth is github, link to loomio vote when needed
    - people are missing loomio notifications bc they get lost in the reminders
- uv + ben: prefer @ mention practice
- uv: @ other experiences, more sync chats (e.g. on the phone) and less async communications
- uv + ben: think there is too much process, we should be able to get away with much less
- uv + bl: everyone check github at least once a week max, if things are more urgent then ping handle on matrix

#todo:bl make a PR in handbook about this

### Process Checkout

- better timeboxing
- branding exercise went on for too long
- no scheduling in these calls

## Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg