# 2019-05-08 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: 17:00 - 18:00 EDT  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/offline  
Attending: 
- dc
- yurko
- patcon
- garry
- elon
- udit (cultivator)

Notetaker:  
- [ ] benedict  
- [~] dc  
- [~] elon  
- [x] garry  
- [ ] patcon  
- [ ] udit  
- [ ] yurko  

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Action Items
    - [x] ben/finances wg: submit proposal for CU on next call
    - [x] governance wg: move forward in articles of incorporation thread
    - [x] ~~patcon~~ dcwalk: scaffold out [business plan in gdocs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U8C1XZcDpu1r4ciecbKEZ6vOL41nTinfqPCbZDhkAWc/edit#heading=h.bah3u1e9xjkr)
    - [x] governance wg: start drafting written articles
    - [x] everyone: read dc's [proposal](https://hackmd.io/kLoRWrsnQAGg29pVtZvYSQ)
    - [ ] patcon/udit: review and feedback on [working open statement](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/pull/3/files) for submission to handbook
    - [ ] All: collect examples for handbook toolchain discussion
    - [x] ??: transfer members@ to .coop domain
- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg] 
- Discussions
  - Opportunities and Proposals 
    - dc: pitch collaboration as part of her dissertation work (done last time - any more discussions required?): https://hackmd.io/kLoRWrsnQAGg29pVtZvYSQ?view dc: timeline on discussion could comfortably wait until June, July
  - [Transition of Infrastructure](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/WbpzjRho/transition-virtual-office-to-co-operative-name-and-identity) (and Cleanup)
    - cleanup: github "december-retreat", reading pool
    - decision: [google drive and opportunities sheet](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/WbpzjRho/transition-virtual-office-to-co-operative-name-and-identity)
    - decision: [internal domain](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/GF980QVL/domain-name-selection)
    - decision: [chat rooms](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/p/p6ZJPTB7/matrix-room-rename-to-hypha_-tomesh-net)
    - decision: [using shortlinks in official way](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/GF980QVL/domain-name-selection/14)
  - Check-in on Cultivator role
  - Check-in on note-taking software
      - +template change? "Announcements," "Standing Items (e.g., opportunities, project check-in)" section
  - Design Jam [scheduling](https://www.when2meet.com/?7826663-EcYuA) [time sensitive]
  - Finances banking and software
  - **early-MAY** Review business plan and Y1 strategic/financial plan
  - **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation
  - Net-Centric Resources call summary (patcon)
    - https://hackmd.io/s/HJYr2jnc4

## Announcements

- Ben absent for the next few calls
- Udit will be absent for call on May 22 and unavailable June to mid-July 
- [Net-Centric Resources call recap](https://hackmd.io/s/HJYr2jnc4) (patcon)

## Notes

- Starting with the Agenda
- Handbook discussion:
    - Item for the future
    - Not time-sensitive (small scale)
    - Upcoming discussion

### Working group updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - Biz plan to be shared in general in upcoming meeting
        - [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U8C1XZcDpu1r4ciecbKEZ6vOL41nTinfqPCbZDhkAWc/edit)
    - Already/always a public document
- [Finance][fin-wg]
    - Double-back later
- [Governance][gov-wg]
    - Loomio tidying
    - Call with Fourth Pig coming up
    - Montreal non-profit coop called _Koubit_. patcon will be in MTL mid-june.
    - Process: Loomio thread for convo. Interview notes are in Google Drive Sheet, with notes to be published on GitHub.
- [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
    - To be resolved: Domain question (internal vs external) (deferred to later convo)
    - Finances: 
        - **Consensed: Desjardins has everything we need**
        - Switch if need to in the future
        - "We think that Desjadins is the Credit Union we will work with as our main financial services provider"

### Discussions

- **dc's proposal:**
    - https://hackmd.io/kLoRWrsnQAGg29pVtZvYSQ
        - Just a template/speculation. Intention of a research plan (Share discussion at some point)
    - "Final" version of thesis proposal for Friday, May 10
        - Can share then, but please do not to publicly distribute. Must defend first (May 31), and there could be revisions.
    - Timeline:
        - Ideal: ramp up in August, beginning of September
        - Not a near-term issue
        - Not to leave it to end of August
        - Check-in over time
    - Articles of incorporation has higher priority
    - Share final version as a next step
        - End of May to pick up convo
    - patcon: how to participate and study?
        - dc: type of approach symbolic interactionist tradition of participant observation
        - Literature on bounds between participant and observer
        - Resources: Spectrum of participatory vs observer
- **December retreat clean up (reading pool)**
    - This was done, review and merge of PR happened
    - Moving reading pool to handbook
    - Look at the handbook for other coop resources
- **Decision: Google Drive opportunities**
    - Basic CRM of opportunities and people to talk to, but based on our Working Open Statement that should be open to members, not-open to the world
    - Loomio poll with proposal to change to explicit permission
        - patcon counter-proposal: have public one with a private directory. nested folders/docs with permissions
            - view-only top-level possible?
            - upper-level most restricted
            - Two folders: Public, Private
    - Google Drive a staging area:
        - Where docs go after Google Drive (staging area)?
        - patcon: potentially not a staging area with the CRM consideration
        - Temporality of staging (week, year, 2 years?)
        - Premature optimization?
        - e.g. keybase, hosted Nextcloud
            - Hosted by other services? e.g. finances
        - For later discussion:
            - Long term Nextcloud might be a good idea
                - Service we could offer to others
        - Okay for using Google Drive as temporary/long-term location
        - **Consensed in check-in (vote) to set up public/private nested Google Drive structure**
    - is this duplicating work (is it a sustainable method)? 
        - Separate docs
        - EDGI: 2 years scaling with minimal issues
    - #todo: patcon to try out proposed structure to see if top-level is world viewable (permissions)
    - Placing GitHub:
        - dc: Everything in Google Drive remains unprivileged
        - New structure moving forward
- **Internal/External Domain**
    - Reviewed hypha.club loomio vote outcome
    - Check-in: Prefer 2 domains vs 1?
        - 1 for having 2 domains
        - 0/-1 for not
    - Something interesting with having 2 domains
        - dc: no strong feelings about where services are hosted now, but think they offer something!
    - patcon: labs.hypha.coop offers that as well? (learnings from civic tech)
    - For our immediate use cases two or one domain:
        - No strong feelings
        - people lose things
            - moving between internal and external (dead link scenarios)
    - Question (auctioneer-style): Are people wanting to use .club for anything?
        - dc: summer street festivals (schemes) -- August timeline
    - #todo: Migrate services on .coop (moving forward)
- **Matrix Chat Rooms**
    - Renaming and creating a public room
    - Naming conventions for #hypha-*:tomesh.net
    - ben: looking to resolve channeling conventions in this call
    - Rename of the chat channel:
        - patcon proposal: #hypha-public, #hypha-internal (considering naming)
        - Naming indicates other contexts of public/private
        - yurko: just #hyphacoop for public?
            - patcon: *-public to clarify and signal (reminder for people)
            - Mitigate confusion of posting in wrong/off-topic places
    - Public channel:
        - What's our rule of thumb? Low stakes atm
    - **Consensed to make two channels, one public and one internal**
    - #todo patcon: Rename channel to patcon's proposal
- **Design Jam Scheduling**
    - dc: proposed 3 times for meeting up for branding look-and-feel jam (when2meet)
        - Saturdays works better generally
        - Exception for garry on May 25 (content moderation symposium)
    - In-person ideally
    - Everyone look at the when2meet now (First time is this Saturday, May 11)
    - Looking for location suggestions
        - Toronto Reference Library (TCAF on Saturday)
        - On-campus
    - #todo: dc to follow-up on scheduling brand jam session (aiming for tonight)
- **Cultivator Role (Late May-June)**
    - Remainder of May + first week of June
        - Assigned to patcon
    - udit M.I.A. for most of June
    - **cultivator for rest of May: dc**
    - **cultivator for June: patcon**
- dc: happy to cultivate, but mostly unavai June-July
- _Announcements_ section would be nice to have in Agenda


## Follow Up

### Actionable Items

- [ ] patcon: review and feedback on [working open statement](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/pull/3/files) for submission to handbook
- [ ] all: collect examples for handbook toolchain discussion
- [ ] dc: cultivate May
- [ ] patcon: cultivate June
- [ ] patcon: setup google drive
- [ ] dc: schedule design jam THU
- [ ] infraops: rename chat channel name
- [ ] infraops: migrate services from .club/.dog to .coop domain


### Upcoming Discussions

- **early-MAY** Review business plan and Y1 strategic/financial plan
- **mid-MAY** Articles of Incorporation
- Check-in on note-taking software
  - +template change? "Announcements," "Standing Items (e.g., opportunities, project check-in)" section
- Opportunities and Proposals 
    - Hosting our own cloud (e.g., Nextcloud instance) for others too
- Check-in on [Transition of Infrastructure](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/WbpzjRho/transition-virtual-office-to-co-operative-name-and-identity) (and Cleanup)
    - decision: [using shortlinks in official way](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/GF980QVL/domain-name-selection/14)
- **end-MAY** Check-in [dc's research/study proposal](https://hackmd.io/kLoRWrsnQAGg29pVtZvYSQ?view)
- **beginning-JUN** Finances software

<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://hackmd.io/0mgHiik2QwOLbOT-2_Uh7w?edit
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations
