# 2019-07-03 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive] | [:notebook: Meeting Index][meetings]

Time: Wed, July 3, 2019 @ 17.00-18.00 ET    
Location: https://meet.jit.si/hyphacoop  
Attending: 
- elon
- dc
- yurko
- patcon (late)

Notetaker:
- dc

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Action Items
    - [ ] dc: record voicemail for Hypha
    - [ ] patcon: non-urgent task: to switch to using link shortner to version controlled csv in github over gdocs
    - [x] patcon: land the PR using the links!
    - [ ] patcon/dc: add link shortner to the handbook
    - [ ] elon: shepard task tracker selection
    - [x] dc: fill infra call inbetween all hands
- Discussion
    - Task Tracker 
    - Values and our tools
        - What values inform our infrastructure decisions?
        - What do we plan to self-host?
    - Infra Priorities:
        - accounting/billing software
        - CRM
        - alternative communication method

## Notes

- Checked-in on action items
- Task Tracker
    - Loomio polls 2 days for items
        - all "infra folks" have responded to two questions
        - internal: GitHub projects still winning
    - dc: is that poll the final dec'n? I wasn't sure if we needed more documenting based on previous call
    - patcon: Feeling blocked, want to start using sometime. yurko feels this pain
    - dc: just wanted to make sure I understood this process
- Next steps:
    - Poll is going to close
    - Poll for next all hands meeting
- Values and our tools - parked until we had more time
    - #todo dc to do some set up for that convo later
- Accounting/billing
    - Do we need to have accounting software set up RIGHT NOW
    - More complicated things: auditing, HSTs, payroll
    - #todo patcon: ask cotech folks and briarwood co-op how they do their books and invoicing
    - #todo dc: call kenzie; co-op creator; OCA? 

## Follow Up

Next meeting? 
2 weeks? dc and yurko can't make it
3 weeks? yurko away (until jul 26). sounds good -- Jul 24 (All Hands)
Biweekly following 

### Actionable Items

- [ ] dc: record voicemail for Hypha
- [ ] patcon: non-urgent task: to switch to using link shortner to version controlled csv in github over gdocs
- [ ] patcon/dc: add link shortner to the handbook
- [ ] dc: do some set up for values and our tools talk
- [ ] patcon: ask cotech folks and briarwood co-op how they do their book
- [ ] dc: call kenzie; co-op creator; OCA? 
- [ ] patcon: set up July 24 meeting + biweekly infra meetings
- [ ] elon: add notes to gh


<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[gh]: https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing
[gdrive]: https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
