---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
private: false # See: https://github.com/hyphacoop/hyphacoop-chatbot#archive
---
# 2020-01-15 Hypha Worker Co-op: Governance

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time: Wednesday, Jan 15, 2020 @ 10am-12pm  
Location: https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending: dc, pc  
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker: dc  

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         20 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         40 |
| [Co-work](#Co-work        )                 |         50 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- Started late so moved into agenda discussion and task board review

### Task Board Review

- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
    - Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
    - Triage new tasks
    - missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]
    - `wg:ops` label review

### Discussions

- What do we want to get out of these meetings?
    - pc: thought this was a co-work, is that style of work interesting to you?
    - dc: meeting needed for where we are at
    - strive half meeting, half work (about an hour each)
- Scope of Working Group and Governance/Ops Boundary
    - Check-in on proposal for Operations:
        - New tag for "in between" tasks (`needs-review`, `ownership-issue`, `boundary-object`)
        - `wg:ops` as new tag, rename existing to `wg:infra` 
        - "Ops" work (potentially) addressed at Governance WG for now.
    - dc: how should we check in on ops? 
    - pc: thought it would be a welcome proposal!
    - dc: make sure we don't neglect tasks
        - pc: add to triage
    - pc: do we need a new template?
        - dc: happy to work off general
- #140 Improve org-wide task flow
    - dc, pc: reviewed issue but don't feel it is a priority right now to approach in this way
    - we'll grow into it
- Milestones into Objectives (Co-work below)
    - Develop new list of objectives
    - Identify where to update places 
        - #todo ask any reason these might be sensitive info
        - #todo check about adding in with Biz Dev
        - Handbook
- #102 Roadmapping to the AGM (Co-work below)
    - Initial conversation about structure and dates
    - #todo Develop plan of work to achieve milestones (with AGM as critical milestone)

#### Parked discussions

- Peer-reviewing
- Role check-in
    - Are there roles that you think we need to be successful? Which ones do you think are most important?
- AGM goal-setting
    - What makes a successful AGM? What is it not? 
        - pc: Should feel celebratory. Assuming bare minimum requirements are already done. Shouldn't feel rote/procedural (despite things being stacked in favour of that happening)
        - dc: Alleviates tensions from previous year and sets a course for upcoming, in motivating way. Not a place to initiate controversial convos. If challenging topics, should have prep. No surprises.

### Co-work: Working Group Milestones into Objectives and Road to AGM 

Combined milestone list (taken from last meeting):
- ✅ Tracked organizational actions via task tracker
- ✅ Conducted “informational interviews” with other co-operatives
- ✅ Drafted and submitted articles of incorporation
    - ✅ Determined head office (mailing address)
    - ✅ Determined “incorporators” and “directors”
- ✅ Submitted initial return
- ✅ Developed co-operative resolution and signing process
- ✅ Ensured compliance with WSIB expectations
- ✅ Established 2020 Q1 regular meetings and co-work session

New goals:
- Write by-laws
    - Draft initial by-laws [Q1]
    - Build to consensus on by-laws
    - Consult a lawyer over by-laws 
- Build [governance] relationships with "neighbours"
    - [This is one piece of a larger goal that came out of something in the Strategic Plan seems mostly BizDev]
    - Defined “Local Solidarity and Decentralized Neighbours”
- Plan initial Annual General Meeting [Q1]
    - Pick date for AGM
    - Set agenda 
    - Develop checklist of what is needed from working groups, e.g.,
        - operations "implementation report"
        - year 2 financial plan
    - [stretch] Determine first training/development activity
    - [stretch] Develop peer interviewing protocol
- Host AGM by year-end (June 30, 2020) [Q2]
    - Outcomes:
        - By-laws adopted 
        - Upcoming directors/board elected 
- Have by-laws and a formal governance structure after AGM [Q2]
- Build organization-wide understanding of governance [Q2]
- [Ops] Have a set of operating practices around organizational structure, roles, working groups, etc.


Process questions:  
- Milestones to live in handbook?
- pc: Do we want to use a github milestones?
    - dc: no strong feelings, might be overengineering
- pc: wisdom from running looser event before AGM cap?
    - dc: concern. pre-event can run over, and feel rushed
- pc: how do we have a sense of whimsy and fun? terms, tone, how we speak of governance things
- #todo goals share to larger group
- we feel that there might be minor changes, but that they are close to essence
- will need to know what our governance stuff is -- those hours are considered board work
- #todo future conversation to finalize language if needed

#### Road to AGM 

| Month    | Deadlines & Tasks                                       |
|:---------|:--------------------------------------------------------|
| January  |                                                         |
| February |                                                         |
| March    | **31: Q1 end**                                         |
| April    |                                                         |
| May      |                                                         |
| June     | **30: Fiscal year-end** <br /> **30: Q2 end**         |
| July     |                                                         |
| August   | 01: Incorporation anniversary <br />                    |

- Discussions with Hema:
    - Must have AGM before fiscal year-end this year. next year?
    - Will need by-laws
    - dc: auditor report needs to happen at AGM if needed!
        - accountant picture often common
- Goal: Having AGM before June 30, By-laws adopted at AGM
    - dc: late-May into early-June
    - pc: nothing on Solstice
- Remote participation?
    - dc: nervous to have remote participation, understand that life happens
    - pc: ask people to set intention to be in-person, select date with that intention
- Amount of time:
    - Most Saturday (Weekend)
    - 1.5 days NOT all AGM, some team-building activity
- Could include off-site! trip
- Aspirationally: AGM in new location

### Process Checkout

- Did not happen this time

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]
- [x] dc: governance goals shared to larger group
- [ ] dc: ask any reason milestones/goals these might be sensitive info (aka can we post publicly?
- [ ] dc: get governing visioning questions answered at all hands
- [ ] dc: develop plan of work to achieve milestones (with AGM as critical milestone)
- [ ] future conversation to finalize language if needed


<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
