Retreat Planning Meeting # 1 (Oct 03)
=============================

[ðŸ“§ Mailing List: XXXX@cryptography.dog](mailto:XXXX@cryptography.dog)
[ðŸ—“ Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
[ðŸ“‘ Retreat Planning Board](https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-meetup/projects/1)

Time: 03 Oct 2018 5:30 pm EST
Location: https://appear.in/offline
Attending: benhylau, dcwalk, ansuz, rob, udit, garry

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] all: collect themes and readings for next week
    - [Reading Pool Pad](https://hackmd.io/_vUINRdvR1qlry3B5aNXqw)   
    - [x] dcwalk: set up google calendar   
        - [calendar link](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
        - [ical](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
    - [x]  all: accept invite to crypto-dog gh org
    - [ ]  ansuz: set up a google docs shared folder
    - [ ]  anyone: make sure that a google friendly email is provided
    - [x] DPWG: planning meeting next week
      - December Planning Working Group
    - [x] all-hands meeting: 2 weeks
    - [x] dcwalk and ansuz to coordinate infra setup
    - [x] benhylau: follow up email with Protocol Labs if we don't hear back by Monday, suggest call / async addressing feedback
- Quick re-cap of format for retreat
    - pre-read
    - half-day remote work session
    - follow-up async work
- Re-cap of suggestions
    - Prompts/provocations/questionaire to ensure everyone has spent time thinking through their values and general involvement
- Discussing **outcomes for planning session**:
    - Consense on mission and vision 
    - Draft and alignment on values
    - Plan and timeline to establish coop legal entity
    - Identified Governance Considerations
        - How do we resolve conflicts
        - How do we make decisions
        - How do we share common pool resources


## Notes
- ben: 
    - Michelle has seen the protocol labs proposal
    - It's been approx ~1 month
- udit: let's determine outcome first
- ben: going into meeting each person should have a writing for some prompt
- dawn:
    - strong draft (of what? mission?)
    - statement of what being a good coop member looks like
- udit: two parts
    - legal regulatory requirement
    - internal requirements
- rob: who feels strongly about positions in the coop?
    - feels more like reacting to existing opinions
- udit: we can draft an initial set of positions which we can revise when meeting
- dawn:
    - proposal-driven efficiency is generally good
    - hesitant to do this at the vision stage
    - engaged collaboration is important
- ben:
    - is it important that we do the draft on the day, or can we do more of this leading up to the date.. with a minimum of four people?
- dawn:
    - people will be busy leading up to the date
    - mission and governance may be things that we can draft effectively in an async manner
    - not sure what the best methodology is, but it will need preparation
- ben:
    - if we don't use the weekend to draft things, what will that time be used for?
    - expectation should be people going into the planning session have read the list and write answer to prompt
- themes for reading list:
    - regulatory/legal requirements
    - different models for coops
- aaron: how to start working on Prompts/provocations/questionaire
- dawn:
    - talk about readings
- benhylau:
    - stitch toghether thoughts/questions/comments from other coops

## Actions

- [ ] Ansuz: Shared folder
- [ ] Everyone: join cryptodog github account
  - [x] ben: invite missing people
- [ ] ben: email draft to follow up with IPFS 2019 grant proposal then email Evan
- [ ] Everyone: put in 1-2 hours to find readings and add here: https://hackmd.io/_vUINRdvR1qlry3B5aNXqw?edit
- [ ] What is required from a regulatory and governance perspective for creating a coop
    - Info on co-ops:
        - https://ontario.coop/sites/default/files/Complete%20list%20of%20FACTSheets%20-%20Updated.pdf
    - Starting a Federal co-op:
        - https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/106.nsf/eng/h_00073.html#federal
    - Starting an ON co-op:
        - https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/106.nsf/eng/h_00073.html#ontario
        -  https://www.ontario.coop/starting-co-operative
- [ ] dawn: to focus on adding coop  resources to (a) pad?
- [ ] aaron: move meeting notes into the repo (see https://hackmd.io/BqPYmfK1RfCRG7Yi_aEk0A)
