# 2019-10-16 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Oct 16 @ 5-6pm ET  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  bl, pc, bl, dc, uv, el, later: gi  
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker:  ... :raising_hand: Next up: gi, uv, yj, pc, dc, el, bl

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Previous Action Items][tasks]                  |         15 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         10 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         10 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         30 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |

## Notes
- bl: going through tasks by top priorities
- pc: primal glow, ready to pay up
- yj: everybody signed what they needed to sign wrt to banking, will hear back from desjardin tomorrow
- pc: primal glow will let us know when the rfp will happen
- bl: is there anything left contractually?
    - pc: wants to pay directly to pc, avoid going through hypha because it was easier. didn't want to wait for hypha to be fully set up
- bl: are we ok to have a client without a contract in place?
    - pc: making a call that contract will happen after. might be a loss and learning, but ok to make that call right now
    - bl: this is quite different from burak
    - dc: would be hesitant to reopen convo with client re:negotiating a contract
    - dc: could invoice people
- uv: worker's/commercial liability insurance possible todo
    - yj: errors and omissions insurance
- bl: are we using clockify process? combine clockify + quickbooks invoice?
    - pc: will go through with bl
- pc: can we get a bank account number within 24 hrs?
    - yj: assume, yes? login online
    - bl: wants to link with quickbooks asap
    - bl: she can pay us pretty soon
- bizdev cowork:
    - meeting at tampered press tomorrow morning
- dc: we will be using hubspot, using their language for deals. everybody willing to use
    - pc: ran through examples together, which worked well
- pc: is this format working? 
- bl: let's do wg updates, if there is something to say?
- dc: brand identity should be medium to high priority
    - dc: wanting pitch deck
    - bl: garry has b/w in november
- bl: we can start drafting up stuff
- pc/dc: not neccessarily in handbook, but overall agree with sentiment to move on with writing up brand stuff
- pc: luisa saw our lack of brand identity (from nomadic labs). could be a gift for facilitation
    - bl: nice idea, could be good to get external feedback
    - pc: opp to build external relationship
    - bl: less risky to take this on as an internal project
    - uv: overall positive
    - dc: needs to be internal first, check in with garry first
- pc: Someone from Argintinean co-op is pitching collaboration. Willing to work to find an opportunity. Totally open to finding a small collaboration opportunity. No timeline as of yet.
    - #todo create issue to track this
- bl: Scoping of projects:
    - yj had opportunity around law firm IT
    - el similar interests for projects
    - pc has more web opportunity
    - bl: maybe this is a broader conversation around "service/product positioning"
    - pc: maybe come back to this question? and try to scope it to a tighter question
- yj: (finance wg) running low on cash in hand
    - #todo: how to manage account? figure out clip from incoming cash? what sort of runway do we need?
- pc/dc: closing out Set up CRA issue
- bl: anybody has issues with sin # in quickbooks?
    - yj: no choice if using qb for payroll
    - doesn't seem like there is objection
- pc: moving on to governance
- bl: piaa is a high priority
    - would like to have burak - hypha contract, as opposed to bl+yj+burak contract
    - bl will take of this action item
- dc: piaa and employee agreement can be decoupled
    - employment relationship is defined by law
- pc: priority for bylaws?
    - dc: bylaws 2 star / agm 1 star
    - everybody: long ways away
    - dc: second quarter 2020 for having everything done (agm+bylaws)
- dc: what do i need to do, to move forward with signing the appointing officers agreement?
    - after the call
        - dcwalk, ben, patcon tweaked resolution and signed
        - ben: #todo create ticket for publig PGP place
        - #todo bring commands into handbook
        - #todo let people know we're using PGP keys to sign legal docs
        - #todo get yurko to sign
 
   

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] `wg:business-planning` [:white_check_mark:](https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning")
- [Finance][fin-wg] `wg:finance` [:white_check_mark:](https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance")
- [Governance][gov-wg] `wg:governance` [:white_check_mark:](https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:goverance")
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg] `wg:infra-ops` [:white_check_mark:](https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops")

### Project Updates

- Aether
- ~~CWCF~~
- Primal Glow digital coaching
- Business Development & Sales
- Business Plan
- Brand
- Jitsi Instance
- By-Laws
- Handbook
- Bank Account
- ...

### Discussions

- ben: product positioning / service offering
    - how we bring clients in? collective strategy?
    - dc: tighter question? bl: concrete opps.
    - +1 uv
    - y: as many ppl as popular
    - #todo create task?
    - uv: year one strategy question
        - business wg can facilitate?
        - talk about at bizdev
- https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label%3Awg%3Ainfra-ops+-label%3Awg%3Afinance+-label%3Awg%3Agovernance+-label%3Awg%3Abusiness-planning

### Announcements

- ...


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg