---
filename: -meeting-template.md
---
# 2019-04-03 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: 17:00 - 18:00 EDT  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/offline  
Attending:
- Garry
- Elon
- Udit
- Yurko
- Dawn
- Patcon

[TOC]

## Agenda
- Check in on Previous Action Items
    - [x] all: ask folks to re-poll on avail time for co-working
    - [x] all: figure out how to keep track of tasks
    - [x] yurko: book credit union visits
    - [x] dawn: refer accountant to ben
    - [ ] ben: discuss with accountant from OCA / referral from dawn
    - [x] yurko: NUANS search before next meeting
    - [ ] ben: draft a PM role proposal on loomio
    - [ ] all: please put your position on [transparency](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public) 
    - [x] udit: Schedule a business plan WG call
    - [x] Finance WG: Investigate financial softwares (e.g., intuit quickbooks wave, other options?): [loomio thread][3]
- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
- Upcoming Discussions
    - Transparency of conversations, tools
    - Transition of Infrastructure
    - Check-in on PM/reminders role
    - Decision on non-profit status
    - Finances: Software + Banking
    - Review feasibility report / business plan
    - Articles of Incorporation


## Notes

- **Review outcome of the standing meeting poll (general availability)**
    - https://loomio.cryptography.dog/p/Mw68SUar/update-our-general-availability-for-co-op-work
    - Wed 5-6pm is the time block
    - Weekend: dc(sat), udit(sat)
    - yurko: can do it with advanced notice preferably after 1:00pm
        - Can be made avalible if needed
        - Flexible (not 6am in the morning)
    - elon: Flexible (similar to yurko)
    - garry: heads up on Saturdays
        - no-go: Tuesday/Thursday, May-June, with evening class
- **Tasks management:**
    - todos by email was helpful
- **Update our mailing list:**
    - EDGI: everyone can see who's on the list
        - Non-sensitive account information
            - EDGI: we used dropbox paper and keybase
        - Re-poll and update periodically
            - EDGI: we used gh issues and voting on slack channels
    - Google Drive (not preffered)
    - Unpublished hackpad?
    - Move into transparancy conversation
- **Credit Union visits:**
    - Meridian (booked for Thursday, 5:30pm)
        - Clarify Dejardins relationship
    - Compare with Duca
    - Adding notes to existing notes and Loomio thread
- **NUANs search:**
    - 2 entries for Hypha 
        - Hypha Inc. showed up
            - No issue with conflicting result
        - How to read NUANs search: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Zixwqo_N-8y_cjDwKUADZnwfe0dJVQkj
    - Results and notes in Google Drive
    - 90 day as of Sunday (March 31)
        - Name is reserved
        - Submit articles of incorporation
    - Decide on: Non-profit vs for-profit
        - Vote on decision
        - Drafting articles for incorporation
        - Check-in with OCA with submission? (dc: when we get a bit further along!)
- **Business Planning working group:**
    - Business planning Meet on April 10, 3:30-5pm
    - Hackpad on Loomio
        - https://hackmd.io/bhCvNYx-SkmzPy4CYTeEDQ?both
        - Add items to hackpad before attending the meeting
- **Accounting software:**
    - Accountant to provide input on software decision
    - Check back on this next week

### Transparency
- Patcon:
    - CivicTechTO (Conveyer to open, Humane process to going open)
- DC:
    - Thinking about legal thoughts: like bank accts! people's personal info like addresss!
    - Discuss per-project vs org transparecy
- Garry:
    - Generally agrees with DC's thought in Loomio thread
    - per-project transparency issues? 
    - More relevant to current level of commitment to org
- Udit:
    - Strong feeling to be always being closed
        - Why certain things need to be default open
- All: More time is needed on the Loomio thread
    - Contribute use-cases that illustrates an example in the thread (help with understanding context for discussion)
    - Patcon:
        - ORID Discussion Method (Facts/Feelings)
        - Using Pol.is
        - Running Loomio thread

### Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - Meeting next week
- [Finanace][fin-wg]
    - Funded the loan account (everyone contributed to loan account)
- [Governance][gov-wg]
    - Talk to some people soon. Mid-April to check back on Non-Profit vs For-Profit
    - Patcon, DC meet on the 16th
    - Report back with summary for all to review
    - Voting on decision (Loomio)
- [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
    - Looking at Pass-bolt for team password/secrets management
    - Going with the self-hosted option
    - Addresses a way of keeping secrets
    - Comparison document: https://hackmd.io/r-9dtnqcQRe9FPC7nSUTvg
    - Needs an email
        - Do we need an SMTP?
        - Lead-in to a larger discussion around team communication and email management

## Actionable Items

- [ ] ben: draft a PM role proposal on loomio
- [ ] all: please put your position on [transparency](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/2V7FvXbT/operational-transparencies-to-the-public)
    - [ ] Review current contributions
    - [ ] Contribute cases (e.g. project)
    - [ ] patcon, etc: Share resources
- [ ] all: poll on updating mailinglist
- [ ] dc: to move PM role notes to Loomio
- [ ] ben: discuss with accountant from OCA / referral from dawn
    - [ ] Investigate financial softwares (e.g., intuit quickbooks wave, other options?): [loomio thread][3]
- [ ] patcon (depending on the outcome of thread): look at using pol.is
- [ ] all: Loomio discussion for email (communications)
    - [ ] Next week discussion on mailinglist admin and adoption an EDGI-like
- [ ] patcon: chairing next meeting

<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://hackmd.io/0mgHiik2QwOLbOT-2_Uh7w?edit
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations
