# 2019-09-04 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:      Wed, September 4 @ 5:00-7:00pm  
Location:  https://meet.jit.si/hyphacoop  
Attending: yj, el, pc, uv, dc, bl  
Notetaker: :raising_hand: Next up: gi, dc, uv, bl, el, yj, pc  

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Previous Action Items][tasks]                  |         35 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         10 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         10 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         30 |

## Notes

- Submit Initial Return #todo:pc
    - Sign by First Directors: dc, yj, pc, bl
- Set up Service Ontario & CRA account
- Business plan? Sept 25th #todo:dc
- PIAA is necessary but maybe not Employment Agreement
    - ... (sparse notes due to ticket/notes confusion. tech against by-law to not have notes)
    - pc, dc: what is the need? just IP right now.
    - dcwalk suggested that IP is the only concern, so could just sign IP agreement, not employee agreement.
- bl: how do ppl feel about this meeting format?
    - dc: repeat. discussion feels more important. updates to ticket not always valuable.
    - yj: +1 dc. bt sometimes issues need convo. :bulb: sep tree of issues to talk about?
    - el: similar to dc
    - pc: defer to wg leads?
        - bl: yes. more ownership to wg?
    - next action?
        - dc: suggest not doing same thing next week.
        - bl: tag for discuss?
            - yj: +1
            - uv: other tags? "overdue"
            - pc: MVP? "discuss" for now? ok
        - yj: suggest idea of generating notes from github comments

### Announcements

- We got our Articles of Incorporation!
    - Everything is in our GDrive
    - What we got: filed copy of articles. cert.
    - Initial Return needs to be filed within 60 days
    - NO FREE POSTAGE

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - Scheduled review sept 25 week
    - Waiting on branding (gi)
- [Finance][fin-wg]
    - Decide accountant (see discussion)
- [Governance][gov-wg]
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg]

### Project Updates

- Aether
- Primal Glow

### Discussions

- Submitting CWCF membership, confirming our description:
    > "Hypha is a tech worker co-operative based in Toronto offering web design, digital product development, research, and strategy services. With members in Ontario we seek to cultivate collective growth and meaningful livelihoods for our members through learning and building technologies together."
    - I would like to add as above, we can update 
    - Need to share logo shortly
    - Emailed RE: payment
    - patcon: feels like big improvement. (we lacked outward mission, compared to ther worker co-ops.)
    - uv: like the fact that it says toronto. more identity there.
    - **consensus** decision to send to CWCF
- Proposal to hire Hema Murdock's firm
    - **consensus** to move ahead for proposal
- bl: clarify terminology. we're not a not-for-profit co-op. we are a non-share-capital co-op, intending to ask for not-for-prifit status.
- Worker Co-operative
    - terminology: ok to say not-for-profit co-op? just not in public, using not-for-profit only privately until we have it
    - bl: worker-owner not right?
        - dc: maybe worker-member. seemed to be rough consensus earlier. but might need to be ok with "owner" conversations to identify as founders.
        - dc: seems maybe just a non-legal descriptor? helps others understand.
- [Billing and bookkeeping process](https://hackmd.io/aEw_aVVIQwSWRxtKQa7wuQ?view)
    - dc, uv: wouldn't recommend sending timesheet unless asked for. can complicate relationship.
    - Some fees paid by client (just banking-wise)
    - pc: would advocate being a push-over if any confusion over payment.
        - bl: we should be firm
        - uv: standard procedure for client to eat all these costs.
    - uv: would reco an "operations" line item, for all the costs of doing business
        - Normally works out to about 10% (figured over time)
        - bl: could bill into hourly rate
        - Adding to single number seems easier
        - uv: should have clear rationale for what's in there.
        - bl: kinda split on this. another thing to explain.
        - No tax added to aether as not discussed in advance
        - US customer -> CAD account (fees on both ends + high exchange rates)
    - Software
        - bl advocating leaning toward free
        - bl: "we should use what's intuitive to us, and what's workable for accountant"

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
