# 2019-08-07 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:      Wed, August 7 @ 5:00-7:00pm  
Location:  https://meet.jit.si/hyphacoop  
Attending: pc, dc, ei, bl, yj (briefly)  
Notetaker: :raising_hand: ei, yj, gi, pc, dc, uv, bl  

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Previous Action Items][tasks]                  |         35 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         20 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         45 |

## Notes

- dc ideologically opposed to naked headers
- people aren't sure yet about this new meeting template
    - seems light on notes
    - dc: should we go through all tasks? seems much
    - pc: prioritizing label? +1 dc
    - patcon: feel like things were accomplished. but won't have notes
    - dc: kinda opposite, unsure what has been accomplished

### Announcements

- Saturday noon until whenever BBQ at Ben's (add to calendar + ping uv), pc + el + dc
    - this is a post-burnout therapy session, no talking biz

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - dc: we really need to meet, operating cost needs to land
    - dc: gi wants to do branding in august
- [Finance][fin-wg]
    - pc: called a place in Vancouver and ask what format they used, they have no experience with coops
- [Governance][gov-wg]
    - dc: waiting on the articles, we do not have draft by-laws
    - pc: look at CoTech for inspiration
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg]
    - pc: infra meeting broke, reschedule

### Project Updates

- Aether
    - bl: signed contract with burak
        - dc: where is it? GDrive
    - #todo consolidate notes to Aether :hash:3 pad (ben)
    - #todo open invite to join hypha's aether instance (all)
    - dc: what would we use it for? threaded convo space for small business. like loomio(ish)
    - pc: consider small internal use-case? #todo?
        - bl: for now maybe for random chats
    - questions
        - how do we receive USD? maybe transferwise?
            - patcon: can we just choose a standard thing we can use for any cross-border
            - dc: money always hard
        - dc: relying on deposit of USD to CAD account not great (getting hit with bank conversion)
        - bl: can add a USD account, and transfer whenever rate is good
            - bl/dc agree
        - #todo research employees taking USD as payroll
            - dc: suspect this is complicated due to deductions
            - dc: _employee_ relationship with hypha is likely different than _contract_ relationship with Internet Archive (hypha doing deducations and payroll)
        - dc: #todo decide payment methods we're willing to accept
- Primal Glow
    - pc: holding pattern, need to send contract on rates
    - #todo proposal
    - #todo contract for group review

### Discussions

- Business status
	- Legal: awaiting articles to be accepted
	- Financial institution: blocked on articles, decide on whether to take cheques, wires...
	    - #todo research and proposal
	- Bookkeeping: yj's spreadsheet
	- Business plan: #todo need to get started on it again (pc, uv, dc, bl)
	- Time tracking: clockify, #todo everyone get on it
	- Voicemail: dc did it, wrapping up the task
	- CWCF membership: dc on it, tracked on tasks board
	- Infra:
	    - el: I think only sign up to new stuff when we need to use it?
	    - bl: "what is my responsibility and my powers? what are things I own and what should I be passive about and let others decide for me? what are my expectations of others?" <-- ben feels there is huge disconnect among the group
        - what do you expect of yourself?
            - pc: in sync with ppl, need to be in dialogue with others
            - el: work with whole coop and do what's needed
        - what do you expect of others?
            - pc: high bandwidth communications, clarity of responsibilities, roles & scopes
            - el: current process seems fine but slow, other orgs that move faster seem to make decisions quicker, deadlines could help
        - bl: feels it is slow and lack predictability
	- Branding: #todo gi to restart
- Infra
	- Overview of tools and processes
		- Implemented (ready to use and expectation that everyone has it set up)
			- passbolt, loomio, matrix rooms, email, web server, clockify, github, gdrive, phone
		- Committed (consensed on adoption and deadline to implement)
			- bl: needs documentation of infra in [handbook](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook)
		- Backlogged (everyone stop spending time on this)
			- ...

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
