# 2019-12-11 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Dec 11, 2019 @ 5-6pm  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  bl, uv, pc, dc, el, yj  
Cultivator: bl  
Notetaker:  el :raising_hand: Next up: el, dc, bl, yj, uv, pc, gi

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         25 |
| --- [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |    |
| --- [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)     |            |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- One thing you are dying to wrap up before the year end
- yj
    - One thing have to wrap up have to upgrade server and windows 7 to 10
    - Microsoft no longer support win7/server 2k8r2
- bl
    - Wrap up all the conference things dweb, our networks all the devlivables
- pc
    - Payroll! Excited to have that chugging along
- uv
    - Project since auguest that being wrapped up tomorrow
- el
    - Hypha open infra stuff
- dc
    - I'm excited to wrap up marking! Some other life things this week

### Task Board Review

- Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
- Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
    - [#15](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/15) need to discuse with the group
    - [#119](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/119) patcon: still needs pipeline that matches our actual thing. +1 ben for tomorrow looking
    - [#154](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/154)
    - [#156](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/156) update below
    - [#134](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/134) ongoing
    - [#143](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/143) dc need to return the contract
    - [#131](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/131) set up WG call for planning
    - [#86](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/86) Done
    - [#127](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/127) el: review and close
    - [#145](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/145) pc thinks its done now
- Triage new tasks
- missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - Meeting tomorrow for 2 hours in call
    - pc and bl put some leads into CRM, have a look before meeting if you get a chance
- [Finance][fin-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - patcon: [#156](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/156) Payroll. Finance WG decided to go with Wagepoint. Registered. CRA payroll program account is now set up. Currently doing Wagepoint setup.
    - Decided not to go with QB payroll and using wagepoint
    - Decide on vacation time 
    - e.g. $100 from client, employee gets $75 + (4% of $75)
        - vacation accrual will be paid out weekly for now, but this is short-term. expect to allow option for withholding and manage in medium future, e.g. before year-end.
    - TD1 and TD1-ON
        - dc: they don't make you re-sign it per year even though technically you should
    - Waiting for approval from transferwise 
- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Haven't been meeting and picking up meeting in the new year
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:infra-ops`][l-ops]
    - Blocked on not having a meeting

### Project Updates

- Primal Glow wrapped up
- Aether
    - Only major thing for this year is send receipt
    - Will have features we've been working on launched soon

### Announcements

- dc: we are accepting clients!
- dc: December 23 - January 4 vacay!
- yj: made a page to check what you are highlighted in
- bl: think about DWeb Camp 2020 plans in relation to meshnet

### Discussions

- Vacation (December 23 - January 4)
    - Proposing that we are not meeting unless arranged eariler
    - Response time should be a week
    - Emergency channel on Signal
- Next meeting extend by 15 min and each WG to share end-of-year summary #todo
- Work towards employee status
    - dc: we are exempt to WSIB
    - dc: govenance group needs to meet and clarify things (pc: +1)
    - dc: we are using status as Founders to allow Members who aren't working to still have Employee status even though they have not taken a paycheque
    - pc: but isn't that bc they're owners? Owners have less protections in my understanding (whether we want to do that or not I up to us)
    - uv: clarification on... if we aren't employees, how are we being treated right now?
        - pc: we are owners
        - yj: no one is paid yet
        - uv + bl: one can be owner and employee at the same time
            - uv: do we fill a T4 or T4A (dc thinks T4)
            - pc: payroll system seems to not fit our structure
            - pc: are we employees or contractors?
            - dc: irregular payroll can be not contractors
            - dc: should have discussion before spawning a bunch of issues with a bunch of work, when we probably don't need to do all of it
            - bl: want more clarification about owner vs. employee vs. contractor from payroll/tax perspective, and from worker co-op requirement perspective
            
### Process Checkout

- yj: think all hands went well (dc, uv +1)
    - bl: we can keep same format moving forward

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [x] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
