# 2019-11-13 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Nov 13, 2019 @ 5-6pm   
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  yj, pc, el, bl, dc,   
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker:  yurko :raising_hand: Next up: gi, uv, pc, dc, el, bl, yj

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         25 |
| --- [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |    |
| --- [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)     |            |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- In honour of the recent snowfall, what is your favourite winter activity?
  - pc - Winter date - fireplace show room with with some hot chocolate
  - elon - Stay at home - no winter stuff  - computer
  - ben - working indoor is quite nice - if i work in the winter i can play in the summer (the thought is nice tho)
  - yurko - winter road rage - making a snowman pre-slush stage
  - dc - missing snowboarding 

### Task Board Review

- Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
    - [#134](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/134) not done
    - [#117](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/117) closed. #todo add notes
    - [#137](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/137) deferred
    - [#85](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/85) complete
    - [#92](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/92) @dcwalk just need to move it forward
    - [#119](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/119) #todo next bizdev
    - [#132](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/132) on-stack to discuss today
    - [#71](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/71) patcon is blocking humself
    - [#135](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/135) patcon and elon will talk #todo
    - [#127](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/127) #todo documentation. #discussion: is this working? yay/nay
    - [#95](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/95) felt bocked. up to ben (assignee)
        - dcwalk: maybe start with doc before PR? bl: :+1:
    - #discussion what's our line of adding things to todos? (patcon)
    - [#130](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/130) money moved. waiting on bank work. so CLOSING :tada: 
- Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
    - [#137](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/137) downgraded priority
- Triage new tasks
    - [#143](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/143) no label. just new ticket. need to send contract.
    - [#120](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/120) one-pager for our internal understanding. #new isuse: HST and non-profit vs for-profit.
    - [#118](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/118)
- missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]
- #todo dc: spawn issue for explainer/documentation of our status as a nonprofit worker co-operative

### Process Checkin

- yj: felt efficient
- pc: liked that discussion was queued for after
- bl: feels great

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - No major updates
    - Canceled meeting for this week
    - Devop opportunity
    - Having weeklies for distributed press. no update.
    - PatcnConfrence retrospect - pushed to a later date
    - distributed.press having weekly meetings with uv and mai but a little early for sharing with group
- [Finance][fin-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - Three signatories on bank acct
    - Applied for CC, first name for now, then follow up with second card
    - yj: #todo invite patcon to online banking
    - Need access for final director (@patcon)
- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Lots of big stuff ahead (bylaws, agm)
    - pc: maybe start gov meeting? dc: defer a couple weeks
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:infra-ops`][l-ops]
    - el: No updates
    - Archive command for bot
    - Email address blocked (bl: raises urgency)
    - el: Schedule next meeting for next week #todo

### Project Updates

_Skip_

### Announcements

_Skip_

### Discussions

- IDRC devops opportunity (patcon)
    - Notes from call: https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/blob/master/2019-11-12-idrc-devops.md
    - Possible aligns with us
    - Temporary position, could be contracted later (leaning towrds co-op)
    - 35/hour week 1 year contract - devops
    - How does inra work in an open environment
    - Union job - given to 1 person
    - 20% time - that could be used for converstaions that are less structured
    - Could it be 1 person takes but supported by "peer support group" - possibly allot of support for this
    - Possibly - Pat takes the roll and pays coop for its time
    - dc: this is not a hypha opportunity?
       - PC: legaly - not a hypha thing
       - PC: reallity its a "hack" to share 1 union position between multiple people
   - bl: legal language could be a blocker
   - dw: dont know until you see the languange in the contract. Union may be strickter, but not what we should lead with
   - bl: onboarding is hard enough, adding distributed work adds overhad to the job. 
   - bl: Feels sub projects may work but leaning on hypha exclusivly is not work 
   - dc: 10 from dawn
   - yj: willing to help but cannot commit specific hours, think it's right up patcon's alley
   - bl: no block, not personally participating
   - el: seems interested in the work
- rough dec'n making steps (dc)
    - e.g. 2 recent decisions:
        1. Applying for credit card (early discussions, gh issue and parallel chat convos that didn't have a clear outcome, dec'n on call)
        2. Payroll (proposal document, one-on-one review, gh issue, [poll on loomio](https://loomio.hypha.coop/p/pVeoE53O/how-often-should-we-do-payroll-))
    - dc: forensics on past decisions?
        - bl: felt like maybe "reverse decision-making". doc first. not proposal. flagged discussion that went backward to gihub/loomio.
        - dc: just want shared practices.
- discuss our communication tools & task workflow (ben) so we can reduce noise for everyone and appropriately assign decision-making power to WGs:
    - [**Proposal**](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/blob/coordination/coordination.md) for [When to use which communication tool](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/132)
        - talked about ~~deprioritizing~~ loomio on last call (edit: making loomio not the primary/mandatory place to check for updates)
        - challenge: tagging wg labels doesn't ping
    - [Improve task workflow](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/140) _skipped_
    - [Time tracking practices](https://loomio.hypha.coop/d/iE1VYzgZ/tool-talk-time-tracking/35) _skipped_

### Discussion Parking Lot

- credit card reimbursement process (yurko)
- employee READMEs (patcon)
- jitsi: is it working? (elon+ben)
- ops?
    - [Improve task workflow](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/140)
    - [Time tracking practices](https://loomio.hypha.coop/d/iE1VYzgZ/tool-talk-time-tracking/35)

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [x] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]
- [ ] dc: spawn issue for explainer/documentation of our status as a nonprofit worker co-operative

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
