---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2020-03-25 Hypha Worker Co-op: Governance/Operations

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       9:00-11:00pm ET  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  dc, bl  
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker:  bl

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)         |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         30 |
| [Co-work](#Co-work)                             |         50 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)           |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins: COVID-19

- dc:
    - grocery run, clear of quarantine
    - nightly runs
- bl: 
    - extended quarintine 2 weeks
    - saying "peak", think we're nearing, but not quite there
    - networks staying well so far

### Announcements

- New template in PR for Governance + Operations

### Task Board Review

- Review [`[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi] [`[priority-★★☆]`][l-pri-md] [`[priority-★☆☆]`][l-pri-lo] [`[priority-none]`][l-pri-none]
	- checked out "shape"--in good position, all high priority underway/discussed on this call
- [`wg:gov`][l-gov] label review
    - [#101](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/101) Write by-laws, discuss this today
    - [#102](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/102) AGM, update notes to reflect agreement on plan: https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/pull/241
    - Backlog: all agm or `priority-★☆☆`
    - The feedback piece, does it need more time? A process earlier?
    - bl: want to socialize peer review process and "good member" discussion earlier than close to AGM
        - dc: beginning of May seems early enough, can start with Good Member discussion earlier in All Hands
        - dc: tone-setting part first, peer-feedback part post-AGM
- [`wg:ops`][l-ops] label review
    - [quick side chat on social card for twitter on covid19 resource]
    - many to discuss below
    - [#217](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/217) health and safety? in relation to covid-19
        - dc: how we respond to employees who are sick, we should already be compliant with requirements
        - dc: site safety things re: covid-19 (e.g. PPE) don't relate to us bc remote
        - dc: focus on policy response first

### Discussions

- Ops:
    - [#199](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/199) Stewarding OKR process
        - reviewed https://hackmd.io/ImMcCS6hTQWcCStwHK8qRA?view and will be added #todo:dc to handbook
        - #todo:bl announce and discuss at standup tonight
    - [#229](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/229) External response to COVID-19 
        - [notes below]
    - [#240](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/240) Internal COVID-19 response 
- Governance:
    - [#101](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/101) Write by-laws

#### External response to COVID-19 

- dc: #todo commit to social media and pushing this on twitter next two weeks
    - checking tweetdeck and scheduling
- bl:
    - and 30mins etc... we should track as a "project" in Clockify
    - want discussion on next steps for community work
        - sharing resource outisde of toronto
        - mutual aid
        - outreach? etc...
    - (to discuss next steps) frame as project meeting?
        - #todo:bl ask for time after standup to discuss
        - dc: floating a meeting after call today makes sense
        - dc: there's a flood of resources already, tons of gdocs linking to gdocs
        - bl: what is our value proposition, lots of sharing what folks do, we can try to focus on _doing_ (smaller reach, deeper impact)
        - bl: to review/closeout [#229](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/229)
- Initial places to publish:
    - toronto:
        - [x] civic tech 
        - ~~that nonprofit tech group net squared~~ (not currently active)
        - [ ] Care-mongering TO: https://www.facebook.com/groups/TO.Community.Response.COVID19/ <-- might be good to pair with better ask? (bizdev) 
        - [x] twitter
    - ssb
        - [x] Covid-19 Mutual Aid Resources Wiki %xhFezaL1UDoYxLMQI1GOXO8Jh/nIX6u8DoVlKKlqHm4=.sha256
    - international coop solidarity:
        - [x] ica tech-coops chat: https://patio.ica.coop/chat/tech-coops/
        - [x] co-tech: https://community.coops.tech/t/tech-co-ops-and-covid-19-solidarity/1972 
        - [x] cooperativism discord: https://discordapp.com/channels/568253797890129942/568253798615613452
        - [x] matrix: #covid19-mutualaid:matrix.org and #covid19-mutualaid-general:matrix.org
    - email in our networks
        - marsdd folks uv knows
        - health non-profit folks uv knows
    - Canadian Co-op coord (discuss at bizdev):
        - Toronto co-ops connections- CAYA? Matt?
        - CWCF -- reba
        - OCA - Peter Cameron
        - Mayfirst people

#### Internal response to COVID-19 

- government support
- CWCF
    - financial support to its members
    - help navigate other sources of support
- bl: EI research
    - members who are part time... how does it impact them if they loose full-time?
    - dc: employee who is also an owner, may have special EI implications/options
    - reach out to CWCF?
    - bl: how does a member not work for hypha?
        - dc: issue ROE that is shortage of work?
        - "not an active employee"
        - need to talk with co-op ppl
    - #todo:dc finish drafting https://hackmd.io/EdvBv_45TjW8sq1aKZgKcA?view
    - #todo:bl review before bizdev meeting
    - next steps: 
        - bring up at bizdev
        - bring up at finance (dc to attend like ~15mins)

### Co-work

- [#101](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/101) write by-laws
    - dc: plain language, closer to "come as you are" handbook
    - bl: treasurer or no treasurer, defined in bylaw?
        - dc: finance role vs. treasurer, may need for audit
            - bl: don't think we need audits
                - dc: required to acknowledge audits in bylaws (e.g. in the case if audits), Act has strict takes on how audit happens
                - bl: concerned we don't have enough ppl to fill board
                    - dc: can allow vacant position
                - add in point about acclaimation
    - dc: we can have 4-15/20 board members (in our Articles), 1-2 year term
    - dc: look at AGM doc for specific things, important stuff  to include:
        - electronic meeting
        - quorum, tie-breaking of votes <-- discuss
        - codify reserve money <-- discuss
        - explusion <-- discuss
        - severability of ownership <-- discuss  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/101#issuecomment-597767960
- #todo:bl take over bylaws task

### Process Checkout

- Meeting template?
    - fine! minor adjustment


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes as
	- **governance**: [open access][gov-public], or [publicly indexed][gov-index] with [restricted access][gov-private]
	- **operations**: [open access][ops-public], or [publicly indexed][ops-index] with [restricted access][ops-private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/wg-template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[biz-public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-business-planning.md
[biz-index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-business-planning.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[biz-private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-business-planning.md
[fin-public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-finance.md
[fin-index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-finance.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[fin-private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-finance.md
[gov-public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-governance.md
[gov-index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-governance.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[gov-private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-governance.md
[inf-public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-infrastructure.md
[inf-index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-infrastructure.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[inf-private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-infrastructure.md
[ops-public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-operations.md
[ops-index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-operations.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[ops-private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-operations.md
