---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
private: false # See: https://github.com/hyphacoop/hyphacoop-chatbot#archive
robots: noindex, nofollow, noarchive, nocache
---
# 2020-02-12 Hypha Worker Co-op: Standup Meeting

<sup>[from template][standup-template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Feb 12 @ 5-6pm ET  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  pc, yj, dc, uv, el, bl  
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker:  el :raising_hand: Next up: uv, gi, bl, pc, dc, yj, el

## Agenda

**Helpful link:** https://github.com/issues?q=org:hyphacoop+sort:updated-desc+involves:YOU

## Standup Notes

- Experimental Check-in: https://app.moodlight.team/plot/yZ8Nq4
    - [Camplight Co-op](https://camplight.net/) is developing a tool for their team, and Naska (a member) asked whether we might be willing to try it for awhile.
- Personal check-in: **What‚Äôs the most embarrassing fashion trend you used to rock?**
    - bl: baggy pants and showing butt.
    - dc: thin eyebrows (soo thin)
    - pc: hand-plucking eyebrows
    - yj: unfashionable whole life

### Announcements

- üèÅüì¢ Hypha **first AGM will be Sat-Sun May 30-31**. Let us know ASAP if availability changes
    - AGM date 
- ü§ù Chatted with Hazel from CWCF
    - CWCF - $100,000 IRP, some support for Toronto Co-op development planned
- ‚ö° IRP Grant went in!
    - IRP grant went in
    - waiting mode
    - know in early April
    
## Goal-setting discussion
- Infra
    - Feedback
        - How will bizdev support?
        - Work with bizdev on one pager
    - Discussion about sequencing, are these only Q1? Q2? 
        - What about other WGs? Seems like some Q1-Q2, some Q1-Q3
- Finance
    - Feedback
        - some of the Q3 can be Q2
- Governance Goals:
    - Process:
        - check-in on **O** language
        - write/convert existing bullets into **KRs**
        - confirm timing, add [Q1], [Q2]
    - **O**: Formalize a governance structure that meets legal requirements [Q2]
        - **KR:** By-laws drafted [Q1]
        - **KR:** Consult professionals (legal & accounting) over by-laws [Q2]
        - **KR:** Publicly share annotated/plain language version of our bylaws [Q3]
    - **O**: Build [governance] relationships with "neighbours" [Q2]  
        _This is piece of a larger goal in the Strategic Plan connected to BizDev_
        - **KR:** Develop working definition of "Local Solidarity" and "Decentralized Neighbours" [Q1]
        - **KR:** Materially celebrate a peer or neighbouring organization publicly [Q1]
        - **KR:** Writing publicly about our role in the co-op movement [Q2]
        - **KR:** Be interviewed about our organization [Q2]
    - **O**: Host initial Annual General Meeting by fiscal year-end [Q2]
        - **KR**: Launch peer feedback process [Q1]
        - **KR**: Prepare agenda and structure for successful meeting [Q1]
        - **KR**: Select collective training/development activity [Q1]
        - **KR**: Run parallel AGM activity that involves neighbors [Q2]
        - **KR**: Have election that fills seats [Q2]
        - **KR**: Member perception of meeting success [Q2]
    - **O**: Build organization-wide understanding of governance [Q2]
        - **KR**: Develop distinct responsibilities for governance and operations working groups [Q1]
        - **KR**: (Demonstrate improved individual understanding of concepts through AGM participation. [Q2])
- Operations Goals (from Governance WG): 
    - **O**: [Ops] Create operations workspace
        - **KR**: Identify operating practices around organizational structure, roles, and working groups [Q2]
        - **KR**: Map existing tasks to roles [Q2]
        - **KR**: Run 1 experiment to map organizational sentiments [Q?]
    - **O**: [Ops] Cultivate the culture needed to be an effective remote organization
        - **KR**: ... (cross-cut with infra?) 
    - **O**: [Ops] Develop a public voice for the work we do [related to above objective: Build [governance] relationships with ‚Äúneighbours‚Äù]
        - **KR**: move down 2 from above (KR3, KR4)
    - [Ops] Feel empowered to do sick work and share it with each other 
        - [feels like personal objective? related to effective remote organization objective. Not sure how to plan this Q1]

  - Business Planning Goals:
      - **O** Build our engagement strategy (eg. brand, web presence, outreach)
          - **KRs** discussed : build intro/brand book, branded website
      - **O**  Develop our leads and opportunities pipeline
      - **O** Gain a better sense of work that people want to do (what opportunities should we go focus our energies on, gauge interest on different kinds of projects)
      - **O** Assess our financial sustainability (as ‚Äúcapacity to endure‚Äù) 
          - **KR** develop key metrics and initial projection
      - **O** Shorten our lead-to-proposal time (i.e. the time it takes from identifying an opportunity to getting member buy-in in order to submit a proposal)

pc: move OKRs to spreadsheet?
- uv: talked about moving to handbook
- bl: spreadsheet will not be shown to external people (need link) 
    - showing in handbook and ongoing work in spreadsheet
    - dc: link to spreadsheet from handbook
    - handbook cannot use colour code to track status
    - dc: propose draft in handbook
    - bl: don't use the current spreadsheet too much stuff in current one and have too much noise
    - bl: consistent colour code
    - pc: want to use current sheet for next round
    - bl: the template isn't suitable for us have other stuff that we don't need
    - pc: bl feel free to create a new 
- #decision: consensed on adding *objectives* to handbook with link to spreadsheet. Have *public* spreadsheet that each group uses for its everyday ops


## Next Steps

- [x] dc: migrate bizplanning and governance&ops WGs
- [ ] ben: clean up or migrate OKRs to proper public sheet
- [ ] pc: handbook PR with process, Os, link to spreadsheet
- [ ] pc: spawn issue to discuss OKR process and/or role [ops]. "Shall we start with defining tasks/process before defining role?"
- [ ] ??: CLOSE THE ISSUE [#173](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/173)

<!-- Links: Important -->
[standup-template]: https://link.hypha.coop/standup-template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive
