---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2020-04-15 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  el, bl, dc, uv, yj  
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker:  el :raising_hand: el, bl, dc, pc, uv, gi, yj

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)         |         15 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |          5 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)           |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- Describe your mood in one song title or lyric 
    - dc - "I've been hiding out inside" from [Stefan from PUP - "Waiting For Something To Happen" (Live - from Quarantine)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpCHoDVqp64&feature=youtu.be)
    - yj - "The End of the World as we know itand I feel fine"
    - bl - meditation song
        - yj "the sound of silence", yuk yuk yuk
    - uv - lambert: stay in the dark
    - el - idk

### Announcements

- We need a cultivator for **MAY** and **JUNE**!
- Workplace Bulletin Board incoming 
    - dc showed google image bulletin board for our handbook
- People that have reimbursement please file them soon, we have a process to pay them out now :)

### Coronavirus Zone ðŸ¦ 

- [Our notes on documentation is in the handbook](https://handbook.hypha.coop/coronavirus.html)

### Task Board Review

- Archive DONE tasks :tada:
	- [#240](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/240) done
- Review [HIGH `[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]`][l-pri-hi] tasks :fire:
	- [#95](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/95) finished today IP agreement will be applied to anyone that we hire
	    - need respond from dc
	- [#201](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/201) needs review from uv
	- [#35](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/35) going to wait a couple weeks for things to setle down for a bit
	- [#244](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/244) keep an eye on it to make sure it is renewed next week
	- [#133](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/133) still have to do this and hire non-members
	    - don't have IP agreement for non-member yet
	- [#77](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/77) pull request opened in the handbook, announcment on twitter
	- [#261](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/261) we might get the 75% support applied for the 10% subsidy program
	    - updated requirement in the thread
	    - bl: is it 75% on the payroll or on Jan and Feb?
	        - need research?
	- [#262](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/262) shortlinks api broke, el needs to fix
	    - yj: may scrap rebrandly completely
	- [#102](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/102) no updates
	- [#250](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/250) did some hiring things today next step create hiring process
	    - bl: doing research on domestic and remote and need to confirm with accuntent
- Triage NEW tasks :new:
	- None to triage
- Assign [UNASSIGNED][l-none] tasks :briefcase:
	- _skipped_
- Any issues we should discuss?
    - [#131](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/131) talked about yesterday and duplicate some internal addresses
        - document email setup
        - update inventory
        - yj to run show and tell on email
        - using el's infra as email provider
        - all tasks in subtasks in the issue
    - hypha.coop#6 on website
    - hypha.coop#5 data retention on next website version
        - el: make todo for other data policies

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - uv: most work been around COVID resposne 
    - dc: reviewed OKRs and updated in-depth
    - dc: upcoming -- opportunities pipeline
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - yj: working expensinces up and running, covid stuff, projection sheets, member specific tasks
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - bl: no recent work, we're at the point of focusing on bylaws
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - yj: doing infra as code using Ansible to automate infra stuff and redeploy quickly
    - yj: tasks that need to be done by infra-wg
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops]
    - dc: perparing for COVID response, slower monitoring and response
    - dc: StART hiring
    - dc: COVID also lead to needing to resolve OHSA health and safety requirements
    - bl: need to hire prioritized other tasks

### Project Updates

- Opportunity: Mozilla MVP Lab
    - bl: lluna joined their Slack with 2000 people ðŸ˜±, pushed their deadline to respond
- StART 
    - dc: sent email, next steps dc as main person while pc is away, ideally 2 weeks to get someone up to speed
- Qm 
    - uv: no much changes want to know data retention, legal, ... for this Friday
- Virtual Grounds
    - dc: just needs to get paid, will follow up. workshop went well!
    - dc: ppl were so interested in dweb stuff
    - dc: ppl exploring new emerging tech... others in the org may be better fit in future engagements
- Distributed Press
    - uv: project meets once a week slow and stedy progress
    - uv: MVP a grant to apply to when avaliable from web monetization program
    - bl: https://github.com/benhylau/distributed.press/blob/master/interviews.md
    - bl: https://github.com/benhylau/distributed.press/blob/master/values.md
    - bl: how DP can address the issues 
    - bl: aligned with Hypha values
- Aether
    - bl: finally working on this again
    - bl: burak refocusing on Aether after supporting COVID-19 efforts, building a chat with sync comms and thinking on market position
- Starling
    - bl: dc and bl went on call talked about how they changed launch plan
    - bl: was visiual and have custom built devices to log flights now log to some server and blockchain
    - bl: people can upload to IPFS
    - bl: June deadline
    - bl: got message was away from COVID
- COVID-19 response
    - uv: pitched at civic tech TO, 

### Discussions

- Cultivating for May?
    - el, gi, yj on deck :)
- bl: if anyone want to join Mumble 
    - dc: was nice today! the rooms!

### Process Checkout

- Slightly slower paced and felt good. No major discussion items

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [x] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜†]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜†â˜†]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-â˜…â˜†â˜†]+-label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜†]+-label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md
