---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
private: false # See: https://github.com/hyphacoop/hyphacoop-chatbot#archive
robots: noindex, nofollow, noarchive, nocache
---
# 2020-02-19 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Feb 19, 2020 @ 5-6pm ET 
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  pc, elon, dc, bl, gi, uv   
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker:  uv :raising_hand: Next up: gi, bl, pc, dc, yj, el, uv

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         25 |
| --- [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |    |
| --- [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)     |            |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins
[:thought_balloon:](https://museumhack.com/list-icebreakers-questions/)
- Check-in: https://app.moodlight.team/plot/kZ7NdR

### Task Board Review

- Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
- Review [HIGH `[priority-‚òÖ‚òÖ‚òÖ]`][l-pri-hi]
    - bl: client agreement template is available for feedback (recent)
    - pc: not touched a few this week
    - dc: concerned about pushing back brand deadlines
    - pc: dc is owning okr process
    - pc: no high priority tasks in the backlog
- Triage new tasks
    - no new tasks
    - dc: request a review of [#46](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/46)
- missing labels [`wg:NULL`][l-none] | [`[priority-NULL]`][l-pri-none]

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - bl: last week we didn't have a meeting
        - IRP grant submitted
        - New leads to be added to CRM
        - Proposal: meet for 2 hours tomorrow
- [Finance][fin-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - some interruptions due to member unavailabilities, will meet Thursday
    - didn't do payroll for Feb (low amounts)
    - need to nil remit to CRA
    - dc raised concerns over work done over stat holiday not following existing policy, bl proposed revision of policy in chat
        - dc clarification: more concerned about a policy we can stick to and is communicated properly; how are we handling this current payroll? how will it be addressed?
        - yj: for billable hours, client needs to be made aware. it should be an option for clients as long as they are paying for it
        - bl: concern with legal problems? dc: no unless someone here has an issue with it and brings it to tribunal; dc intention is people should get paid premium for stat holidays (I want you all to get the money!)
- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - dc: meeting biweekly, haven't met since last all hands (?)
    - done some work around agm, bylaws, ops
    - bl: do we have enough capacity (considering qm)?
        - dc: depends on pc
        - pc: feeling low capacity
- [Infra & Ops][ops-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:infra-ops`][l-ops]
    - Personal emails are done
    - bl: can someone document that process?
        - yj: ongoing

### Project Updates

- StART Project: 
    - :tada: 1st sprint done with retrospective
    - Still figuring out how agile works
    - 40 hours pc/4 hours dc total (invoice will be 30+4 hours)
    - pc offered to knock 10 hours off because many weren't user facing
        - gabe understanding of need for paid ramp up time
        - yj: include on invoice as zero hours (udit +1)
    - dc this time we have a different strategy to approach the sprint
    - bl quite common that first sprint is a learning experience
- Aether:
    - product-market fit and positioning (eg. how does it integrate with other platforms like github), depends on how we are positioning it.
    - "slack replacement" positioning didn't quite resonate with customers; "email first" positiioning seems to work better ie. it might be better thought of as a zendesk competitor for customer service desk usecases
    - more in march
    - pc: burak mentioned us in a hacker news thread
    - bl: navigating how to bill more casual chats
- Qm:
    - dc: had a meeting on Friday, uv+dc had chat after mg
    - we revised based on meeting with Qm
    - current cadence: 2 hour biweekly sessions
    - hoping for first session this Friday!
    - 2h session weekly. prep? 4h/person (same rate)
    - dc: less time than was expecting

### Announcements

- bl: please provide review!
    - legal things
        - draft of Client Agreement (contract) template available for review
        - draft of Intellectual Property Agreement will be available for review by Friday
    - bizdev things
        - DWeb Camp update
        - distributed.press targeting grantfortheweb application with Hypha as applicant org
- üèÅüì¢ Hypha **first AGM will be Sat-Sun May 30-31**. Let us know ASAP if availability changes
- ‚ö° Potential new client Qm for Friday!

### Discussions

- bl: domain names
    - drop everything except coop
- bl: intro deck timeline
    - benhylau text garry on signal
- bl: things feel blocked, communications and commitments
    - dc: most important thing, a big issue
    - dc: let's set up a time to do the things we never do. (like resolve small issues!)
    - bl: dc raised in chat twice, bl feels _very_ frustrated
    - dc: what if we do 30 mins before standup?  as a co-work on tasks? move into standup
    - bl: strategize in chat, we have some overlap in hours, maybe co-work time?
- bl: opportunities
    - IT support for Free
        - uv: looking for ppl to indicate strong interest, otherwise don't know how to move forward
        - yj: elon is interested, need to answer, rate?
        - el: interested
            - dc: can you two have a call?
        - uv: want to send this to them by Monday
            - el: can commit to proposal by Monday
            - bl: loop me in if help is needed
            - uv: also can help answer questions
    - CIRA discussion in chat
        - not applying this year. Looking for 2021
    - the opportunity at SXSW
        - dc: left comments on gh (so did uv)
    - the microgrant Wendy sent
        - uv: reframe work that we did on offline systems
        - dc: dropped some stuff in channel after reading around link/resources
        - bl: ask yj + el to comment

### Process Checkout

- dc: went over 12 mins, very fast+effective opportunities triage at the end

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÖ‚òÖ]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÖ‚òÜ]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÜ‚òÜ]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÜ‚òÜ]+-label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÖ‚òÜ]+-label:[priority-‚òÖ‚òÖ‚òÖ]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra-ops"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg