---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
private: false # See: https://github.com/hyphacoop/hyphacoop-chatbot#archive
robots: noindex, nofollow, noarchive, nocache
---
# 2020-03-11 Hypha Worker Co-op: Governance WG Meeting

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time: Wednesday, Mar 11, 2020 @ 9:15am-12:30pm  
Location: https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  bl, dc  
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker:  bl  

## Agenda

| Item                                        | Time (min) |
|:--------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)     |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)     |         20 |
| [Check-in on OKRs](#Check-in-on-OKRs)       |         20 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                 |         40 |
| [Co-work](#Co-work)                         |         30 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)       |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- Feeling on work on gov, ops?
    - dc: honour/take the point from infra that they are not interested in ops 
    - bl: need to clear ops things. Make issues ready for "ops" only work
- Seperation between ops and gov
    - dc: gov slow moving stuff touch infrequently (AGM, bylaws)
        - ops, day-to-day policies, procedures, effective work
- dc: gov is fine, on track for AGM, month out from distributing info
    - bylaw drafting (slightly behind and not much) + AGM planning
    - e.g. allowing remote partipation for director meetings, etc.
    - pc has a lot of knowledge about bylaws
- dc: ops, we've done pressing ops things, but a lot of confusion around who (infra/ops) doing what
    - not a lot of conversation b/w ops people doing stuff
    - update meeting?
        - #todo dc back-to-back meetings, seperate calendar item
        - #todo bl "working groups" default template, let groups make their own

### Task Board Review

- [Governance][gov-wg] :white_check_mark: [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Archive _Done_ tasks :tada:
        - done.
    - Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi]
    - [`wg:governance`][l-gov] label review    
    - [`wg:ops`][l-ops] label review
    - Triage new tasks

- FIRST TIME OPS TASKS FULLY TRIAGED :tada: 

### Check-in on OKRs

- [OKR tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hMFS3IhzZOFQA-yjt7lFcoVO0Ry6erFEH7D1NswvDtA/edit#gid=1268227002)
    - bl: what does "Develop working definition of "Local Solidarity" and "Decentralized Neighbours" entail?
        - dc: changes in handbook language, build collective understanding of these terms
    - scope of roles
        - dc and uv favour more large encompassing roles > micro-roles
        - bl: micro-roles easier to transition, but also agree hard to manage lots of micro-roles
    - "effective remote organization"
        - we should do something for Q2, define more KR
        - "fair" / office hours to check-in on 
        - issue of who is on calls, who talks more 
        - ways to create additional feedback mechanisms/channels
            - using in critical contexts v. important

### Discussions

- Terminology to use in Employee Agreement, IP Agreement, Finance docs
    - Prefer to use `Employee` where we can
    - Use `Employee` where we can to stick with legal language
    - `Employee` is a Member unless they are in the probation period
- Meeting minutes book
    - need sense we can move forward
        - hasn't been discussed at all hands
    - PR ready to move in
        - link-breaking move into folder #todo bl merge
        - transfer to jekyll
        - dc will leave feedback in issue
- WSIB
    - dc have read docs, $200-600 WSIB a year but it's bc we are classified very low
    - suggest to reclassify, need to know our earnings (based on gross earnings)
    - this protects employer, not employees
    - in case of reported workplace injury, member will be paid thru wsib regardless, but if we don't have proper wsib coverage the employer is at risk (e.g. fining)
    - #decision: dc: proposes to get reclassified and pay for it (est. $200-400 in first year)
    - "once you get ladders you're in a required industry"
    - #todo communicate to members that this does not block current project proposals
- #101 By-law planning
    - dc: start at template and modify, look at resource from other co-ops
    - #todo bl: skim bylaw examples in google drive, read AGM planning doc
    - #todo dc: prep working [meeting] doc for next meeting
- #102 AGM status update
    - Quick summary of planning: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fBm-OB_haaGEIEDGvekMA9wivjJNiA1MCP1Qf-i6QbA/edit?ouid=114071245511075726689&usp=docs_home&ths=true
        - **April 15** initial email out
        - **May** package with schedule
    - #todo dc: #14 "Good member" desc. for AGM!!!! add to sched.
        - bl: possibly co-write some of that based on draft after discussing first year frictions
    - #todo dc: #104 Amending articles -- make clear in planning doc
    - #discussion bl: `agm` label on gh?
- WG description for Ops
    - #todo us draft an Ops WG desc.
    - Other descriptions:
        Governance `@hyphacoop/governance-wg`
        WG for drafting by-laws, articles of incorporation, and planning for the first General Meeting (and subsequent structure).
        Infrastructure `@hyphacoop/infra-wg`
        WG for setting up our "virtual office", in particular the infrastructure and processes to collaborate.
        Business Planning `@hyphacoop/business-planning-wg`
        WG for performing feasibility study, and business planning to identify start up costs, fundraising mechanisms, and risks.
        Finance `@hyphacoop/finance-wg`
        WG for establishing accounting practices, including setting up a bank account, administering payroll and expenses, invoicing, and handling remittances
    - Our new description:
        Operations `@hyphacoop/ops-wg`
        WG for stewarding our shared practices and policies for effective remote collaboration.
    - #decision: THIS IS OUR NEW WORKING GROUP DESCRIPTION  
    - #todo bl: change **shortlinks** and **meeting templates** to match github readable name of wgs (but don't change github labels and tags)
    - #todo dc: update handbook with wg descriptions (assigned issue)
- Organization roles (parked)
    - From last meeting:
        - [ ] ops could make a template/set of questions for a role to fill
    - #121 finance
    - handbook#13 doc'ing
    - #97 time-tracking
    - #73 internal PM 
    - #198 social media (landed)

#### Co-work

Candidates:
- #90 Add why's to Service Inventory 

#### Need to talk abt 

- Ops role in documentation (esp. handbook)

### Process Checkout

- Didn't do

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `[ ]:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes to [GitHub][gh]
- [ ] Publish [meeting template][template] for next [meeting][meetings]
- [ ] dc back-to-back meetings, seperate calendar item
- [ ] bl "working groups" default template, let groups make their own
- [ ] communicate to members that this does not block current project proposals
- [ ] bl: skim bylaw examples in google drive, read AGM planning doc
- [ ] dc: prep working [meeting] doc for next meeting
- [ ] dc: #14 "Good member" desc. for AGM!!!! add to sched.
- [ ] dc: #104 Amending articles -- make clear in planning doc
- [ ] bl: change **shortlinks** and **meeting templates** to match github readable name of wgs (but don't change github labels and tags)
- [x] dc: update handbook with wg descriptions (assigned issue)


<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:ops"
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infra"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:infra-ops+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg
