---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2020-03-25 Hypha Worker Co-op: Standup

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5-5:30pm ET  
Location:   https://bbb.hypha.coop/b/ben-nyz-mag  
Attending:  bl, uv, el, gi, yj, dc (late)   
Cultivator: bl  
Notetaker:  uv

## Agenda

- Standup (3 min/person)
  1. What did you work on this past week?
  2. What do you plan to work on this coming week?
  3. What are your blockers?
  
**Helpful link:** https://github.com/issues?q=org:hyphacoop+sort:updated-desc+involves:YOU

## Standup Notes

- Person: el
	- last: spun up nextcloud instance, cleaned up expired domains, tried two different "collabora" and "onlyoffice" (google doc alternatives)
	    - https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/239
	    - cowork on covid website
	- next: more infra work
	- blockers: no blockers

- Person: bl
	- last: cowork on covid website, covidwhelmed, generating leads on projects related to covid. making progress on distributed press. also excited about nextcloud being used on future projects. note: robert might join call to try out BBB
	- next: finance, ops, gov stuff. dc is working on internal covid response --> surfacing other wg concerns. dc also looked at CWCF response, something we can possibly look in to on finance side.
	- blockers: questions about what is Hypha's strategy around covid moving forward (to take up on bizdev). time, priorities, and an eye infection.

- Person: gi
	- last: covid website (on thursday/friday). nav is now working on low res. 
	- next: gi available to pair on anything monday/tuesday next week. 
	- blockers: none. bl is threatening to book gi during all his availabilities

- Person: uv
	- last: client session and prep for next session
	    - covid and attending virtual office hour
	- next: same stuff
	- blockers: overwhelming sense of dread

- Person: yj
	- last: Swamped @ work with Covid 19 stuff. Nothing more.
	- next: Possible more swampieness. If possible focus on finance (working on reimbursement process)
	- blockers: microscopic enemy

- Person: dc (bright and clear on webcam)
    - last: participated in covid website work, covid webinars, qm restarted. excited with all client work. start sprint went well. pc has asked for stopping sprint until april 6th
    - next: client cowork and session, okr process, covid response (internal and more generally in terms of how to be a good person in the world)
    - blockers: videocall fatigue (uv +1)
        - some conversations can be async, but there's value in doing actual calls 

## Discussions

### StART
- bl: what happens to start?
    - dc: client flagged that it could be paused considering ongoing concerns at the city
    - abt to move into discovery of next phase, but our collab postponed
    - concerned about project continuing to be on pause

### OKR Process

- OKR process https://hackmd.io/ImMcCS6hTQWcCStwHK8qRA?view
    - Week 1 of quarter: Recap and review + Individual Brainstorming Org-Wide Goals @ All Hands
    - Week 2 of quarter: Working Group goals identified and refined into OKRs
    - Week 3 of quarter: Present and Agree on OKRs
        - Question on "name" --> what level? (dc: depends on WG: either whole group or individual leading)
    - for next quarter, lighter touch since we did for Q1/Q2 last time
        - compressed version next time (next two weeks)
        - process checkout at the end of the second week
    - No more questions  
    - Approach:
        - #todo dc: to clean up, PR to merge an "under construction" in handbook, do a refinement while trialing the process next two weeks

### COVID-19 response next steps

- Social media
    - dc taking over, talked over ops role including the role out plan that was in the hackmd
    - dc two proposals:
        1. caremongerTO group: what is the next iteration
        2. what would be the ask if we're sharing with CWCF
    - uv: the only ask now is to share with org internally, and if they can spread the msg
    - dc: agree, hesitation here is... way too many resources that are taking ppl's attention
- lots of resources
    - dc: too many "list of lists", fragmented, can we be more thoughtful
    - bl: people sharing how they work internally, saturation of this
        - we actually do "digital coaching and infra"
        - we can work with orgs at a deeper level
        - "handholding", 1-on-1's
        - how to emphasize the messaging
    - dc: refining of our messaging
        - need better takeaways, ours is presumptive
        - we presume knowledge
        - agree that we shoudn't be creating another generic resource
        - we should hang out with common knowledge people
        - potentially partner, or provide matchmaking
        - upcoming hackathon this weekend
        - create patch dynamics instead of centralizing resources
            - "patch dynamic" is back
    - uv: how do you see patch dynamic happen?
        - making sure we are boosting the right signal
        - dc: mainly boosting
            - commonknowledge, peering with...
            - finding an org, to enable that, in an open way
            - "best efforts are the ones that are not seen at citywide scale"
        - uv: understand where are the efforts that we want to support
            - internally have a sense
            - dc doesn't want this to be exhaustive, there are plenty of lists-of-lists
            - dc less excited about institutional efforts (bl: +1)
                - low hanging fruit automation, devops-y
            - talk to grassroot groups
                - data needs now to prevent clawbacks later?
                    - e.g. evictions? lack of internet access tenants assoc, OCAP, ACORN, Parkdale Mutual Aid Network etc..
                - data heavy like "covidtracker twitter account"
                - app building
            - craft a model, this is what we can do, and be matched to an org
            - associate with a "rad group"
                - mostly design work
                - moderation
            - dc: don't think the "volunteer model" builds community in the long run, prefers a model that makes their neighbour talk to each other a lot
            - jane mcalevey talks
            - bl: would work thru institutions paid, but less willing to devote precious volunteered time
                - focus on promoting grassroots projects, building neighbourhood
                - is volunteering just to help people feel better?
                - interested in bottom up, whereas (centrally coordinated) volunteering might be more top down
            - dc: volunteer will materially be helpful, but is temporary
                - more interested in translating current efforts in to the future (past covid situation)
- TODOs
    - [ ] Clarify the how we work sections, add takeaways -- UV later in the week, DC can review
    - [x] uv: Add beginner friendly resources -- add tonight UV
        - https://blog.techsoup.org/posts/8-tips-for-holding-virtual-meetings-during-the-covid-19-pandemic
        - TESA collective (from meeting to interactive sessions) https://www.tesacollective.com/6-tips-and-tools-for-turning-your-in-person-trainings-to-virtual-trainings-in-the-age-of-coronavirus/
    - [ ] **Align on what kinds of orgs and efforts we want to support**
        - [ ] Biz Dev chat about different opportunities
        - [ ] Discuss different models (including ways of engaging/social media outreach)
    - [ ] Targeted development
        - [ ] One graph of what we can offer and our intention/strategy for involvement, can share more broadly

### Infra BBB recap

- updating BBB
    - >Testing Big Blue Button
        - [ ] el: change default presentation
            - yj: a PDF file on server you replace
                -  The file for the default presentation is located in `/var/www/bigbluebutton-default/default.pdf`
            - bl: to provide the PDF
        - [x] presentation uploading, can’t upload large files
            - yj: fixed to 10/20 MB now
        - [ ] el: can we turn off the “you are now muted” voice each time we mute and unmute
            - el: think it's done
        - [ ] el: where do notes live?
            - yj: if you do a recording, you can jump to the convo bc the notes are timelogged
            - el: might be in database
            - bl: has export function
            - yj: can we replace with a hackmd (pass a URL)
        - [ ] el: shared notes OR chat, not both
            - yj: old one, you can limit which windows are available, a xml file gets passed to define these things
                - `http://docs.bigbluebutton.org/client-configuration.html` <- old client
                - `http://docs.bigbluebutton.org/2.2/customize.html#html5-client-configuration` <-new html5
                - it's a yml file now (bl: yay)
        - [ ] mic isolation?
            - bl: won't do
        - [ ] el: echo test happens every breakout, very annoying
            - yj: might be in yml file
        - [ ] el: retention policy
            - logs - default logs, use it for trouble shooting only, current retention is default
            - uploaded content - PDFs, etc.
            - in-session content - chat, video, etc.
            - others

### Org

- dc cultivating next week
- dc social media cultivator for the next few weeks

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [x] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/standup-template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-standup.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-standup.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-standup.md
