---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2020-06-10 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  el, bl, dc, gi, pc, uv, yj  
Cultivator: el  
Notetaker:  bl :raising_hand: yj, bl, dc, gi, el, uv, pc

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)         |         15 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |          5 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |          5 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)           |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- How are ppl doing?
    - pc: spent a lot of time catching up emails
    - dc: terrible hair day
    - gi: back to back meetings all day
    - uv: well but lots of friends no, got to chat with them today, heartbreaking
    - bl: jumping between threads. terrible days.
    - el: looking into matrix server crashes wooooo.
    - yj: something about virtual court rooms and stuff

### Coronavirus Zone ðŸ¦ 

- dc: extensions...
    - state of emergency until end of june
    - moving forward to phase 2
    - emergency order should expire until end of june
    - border closure...? not officially announced yet

### Announcements

- Distributed Press GFTW deadline extended
- Please complete the next round of loomio pre-meeting activities
- DC dissertation discussion postponed two weeks
- pc: polis (consensus building software) about to have a thing... may want ppl to help them run things

### Task Board Review

- Archive DONE tasks :tada:
	- archived all of the DONE tasks
- Feedback Required tasks
    - dc: fiscal sponsorship page PR
    - [private#48](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/issues/48) bl: need bizdev input, not urgent
    - [#95](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/95) bl: everyone pls sign the agreement
- Review [HIGH `[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]`][l-pri-hi] tasks :fire:
	- [#250](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/250) hiring process. dc: we (ops) were gonna do it but we haven't
	- [private#61](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/issues/61) OC account. dc: ppl can choose donations, etc. last piece
	    - website marketing -> separate thread #todo
	    - emails -> donate link
	    - chat welcome text often gets ignored, propose more comprehensive plan
	        - need to develop text
	        - #todo track on new issue about marketing plan for OC donations to BBB (someone from infra and bizdev to peer on)
	- [#261](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/261) covid suppoer. bl: will do the cwcf email
	- [#102](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/102) AGM. dc: we're doing it!
	    - bl: when is the WG updates?
	        - dc: decision and value section, early early
- Triage NEW tasks :new:
	- skip
- Assign [UNASSIGNED][l-none] tasks :briefcase:
	- skip

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - biweekly coop call with foodster united, maybe some IDRC
        - ivan => rob as main contact
        - want to dev lfeatures, but no dev ppl
        - CWCF couldn't attend. dc advocated for reconnecting
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - ppl are paid
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - n/a
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - connected with Koumbit, applied for solidarity
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops]
    - ...

### Project Updates

- StART: discovery phase with StART team
    - C4C hired a product owner (replace gabe)
    - in good direction
- Qm: picking up after week off, hopefully, in good position to talking with team
- Meet.coop: infra members have been working with them, OPEN 2020 happening tmr!
- Starling: going live soon
- Aether: nothing
- Virtual Ground: possibly another small contract

### Discussions

- Email incident moved to private pad: https://hackmd.io/TL6FuvPBQTGaOrX4Yqyxfw
- Anti-Black Racism (from chat)
- What makes a good member? https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/issues/14#issuecomment-642026682
- Peer feedback 
    - no need to bring something prepared, just thinking
    - good members statement
    - peer recognition activity
    - pod/pair to chat about areas to work on
    - all self-identification. solo exercise. decide how you share.
    - OKR tie-in
- Socializing at the AGM (and/or shared artifact)
    - collectively create artefact (remote, so tough :cry:)
    - playlist together?
    - uv: what would you do otherwise?
        - dc: garden, sit close to the fan, listen to music too loud, 
        - yv: sleeping, MMORPG, Build the Hypha Head Office in Minetest
        - patcon: VR rentals
        - uv: "what on the internet together"
	    - gi: browse together (screenshare)
	    - dc: some offline walk? then that feeds into an online walk


### Process Checkout

- ...


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [x] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [x] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [x] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜†]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-â˜…â˜†â˜†]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-â˜…â˜†â˜†]+-label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜†]+-label:[priority-â˜…â˜…â˜…]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2020-MM-DD-all-hands.md
