---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
tags: Hypha
---
# 2021-06-02 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  bl, uv, pc, dc, el, yj, gi  
Cultivator: bl
Notetaker: uv :raising_hand:

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- Ben: What's your favourite quarantine snack?
- yj: chips from chipotle (salt and lemon mix is amazing)
- pc: jumbo freezies, unable to eat just one, have a box of a 100
- uv: mochi ice cream
- el: anything that's good, unbranded tea :laughing: 
- dc: nothing consistent, go through phases. almonds, vegan ben and jerry's. club soda 4 lyfe
- gi: really into grapes and berries
- bl: effortful sunflower seeds. "things of chocolate"

### Announcements

- Made offer on hiring
    - We made an offer to Elani on Friday (accepted :tada:), joining on June 15th
    - recent grad. Background in communications and marketing, moving Ottawa to Scarborough
    - Maybe outdoor hangs late summer
- Ben is back on 13th June
    - Followed with 2wk quarantine
    - Will try to be cultivator for the full month, but will let folks know
- Patcon has started new job Monday
    - Manufacturing
    - Early morning for trainings (2-3 wks)
    - Actual work is late shift

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - Lots of hiring, not meeting outside of that
    - Hello Hypha
        - should also follow up with CK folks
    - Dripline post
    - Ben's wondering about process to schedule people in
        - Don't have two at the same time
        - Check in about who's attending in chat
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - ACCA: we've billed, and just 2h work remains.
    - Udit to follow up with potential accountant, also can look at LiveCA that was recommended by J at Informal
    - StART: has not been renewed.
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Haven't met. Side chat about AGM
    - Hope is July we switch to new processes. dc asking for 1 full all hands to kick off new processes. dc will prepare initiative playbook
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - Will follow initiative model.
        - Migrating servers is the main initiative
        - Backing up old servers just in case, in preparation to new servers
        - props to el
    - Passbolt been sorted but it's a problem because single point of failure
    - Calendar is a perpetual mystery
    - Original plan was to wind down infra meetings last month but will keep going this month. Last planned is 29th June but can keep going as needed
    - Planning ahead for inactive state
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops]
    - Hiring stuff
        - Obligations before Elani starts
    - Transitioning to people to inactive
    - Updating PR around onboarding/offboarding
    - Processes and templating has been great for now
    - hiring comment
        - bl: hiring some ppl with expectation of becoming member, and others with expectation of contract. flagging for later

### Project Updates

- bentway (gi)
    - dc and gi wrote vignettes which are on the digital garden
    - https://digitalgarden.hypha.coop/does-the-internet-dream
    - tomorrow last convening for microresidencies
    - expecting few edits
- Qm (dc)
    - interviewed lawyers, recommened new ones
    - excited for relationship with lawyer for future
    - good calls with community folks
- OC (pc)
    - not super active, but flancia onboarding, toronto tech mentoring
    - should have a transition call with bl, dc, pc (needs to be evenings for it to work for pc)
    - #todo:pc schedule late-evening call with dc+bl
- ACCA (pc)
    - off hypha in another week, but somewhat loose
    - have plan to close off
- compost (uv/bl)
    - kicking off issue 2 with contribs on saturday, excited. technical work starts next week
- meet.coop (yj)
    - slowly, getting paid next month. amsterdam is paying money
- aether (bl)
    - staging.aether.app is online!
    - give ben feedback!
- traffmobility (yj)
    - waiting to get them onboarded
    - pc: submitted with a bio for pc, need to talk about a transition plan (if bid to RFP is accepted)
- cosmos (uv)
    - good call 2 weeks ago, call on friday. elon working on it testnet deployment (earlier in project than anticipated)

### Discussions

- [10 mins] Inactive member offboarding process, access matrix: https://hackmd.io/_mfQ0JHWR2uVD5Y5kl7i_w
    - Inactive status - Account Access
    - we're planning to reduce noise
    - restrict admin access to critical services (ops, finance, infra flavours)
    - questions:
        - Community on matrix
        - Email autoresponse
            - How do we prevent email from becoming blackhole
            - bl: monitored by ops?
                - dc: folks are still members. expectations are that you can't conduct business under hypha's name
            - both pc and gi forward
            - encourage inactive members to set up autoresponse, act in good faith and forward to the right person
        - Google?
            - No good way. Classified as "wild"
            - pc: can script to recursively transfer ownership
            - get paid version
- Setting AGM Date
    - Decided: Sat, Sun July 24-25
    - can possibly do inside
    - bl, uv, dc can hand off/support
- ON Govt Reopening plan and Hypha [parked]
- Rates to bill to clients [parked]

### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
