---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
tags: Hypha
---
# 2021-05-05 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  gi, yj, dc, uv, bl, el  
Cultivator: dc  
Notetaker:  bl  

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- most / favourite part of moving
    - uv: I thought I had planned this so well. spreadsheets and stuff... computer crashed, nothing works, covid dates... least favourite. like to see new part of city, see city with new eyes
    - yj: packing (hate) and unpacking (love)
    - bl: hate logistics of moving but like the new environment, usually to a completely new environment
        - planning for the future things I need
    - gi: moving books was gi's pain. likes his books but doesn't like moving them "they r just heavy"
        - bl: no shit yo
        - gi: new neighbourhood, further and further west, discovering new neighbourhoods, different smells too
    - el: packing. hate packing. maybe new area
    - dc: rearrange things, new setup of things... like painting

### Announcements

- COVID VAXES: Hypha Time Off
    - reschedule stuff to catch your appointment!
    - let dc know if you need any support
    - don't take a call during your appt

### Discussions

- Takeaways from planning call (from email)


1. We reviewed finances, member capacity, and WGs=>initiatives on the go

We made the following collective agreements:
- We will use clockify to track all hours to month-level granularity
(higher granularity helpful!)
  - yj+el will track meet.coop hours here going forward and add a single
entry per month for the last qtr
  - consensed to finish deprecation of jitsi this qtr (and update
COVID-19 resource to note that)
  - Consensed on transition pathway and 100 hours/month guidelines for
this qtr

2. We developed a list of initiatives and time budget for the remainder
of Q2 (June 30), we will spend more time discussing and refining at our
next strategy meeting at the AGM (July or Aug)

3. We collectively identified the key goal for this quarter:

(7) Hypha should develop our workflow and processes to support a culture
of accountability with defined collaboration and decision-making
techniques and tools

This seems especially pertinent to all the discussions we had about:
clockify use, establishing initiatives, thinking about hours toward
internal work. We can carry this forward into establishing the
initiatives in the next few weeks.

Others in the top 3: (6) Deepen our relationships and partnerships, (4)
refine our positioning with respect to our collaborators

4. We estimated and agreed on a 15/month hourly limit per member (or
100/month total) for internal initiatives
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LyElXvLj7ASclSPQqcgOnuEWqBWBStilEfOhIosZzhA/edit#gid=858595530

- Finance to allow for payroll from internal account by July 1st
    - need to make sure we don't go over
- Waged vs. unwaged work (e.g. quarter plan is waged work, but AGM should be unwaged as member capacity)

5. We went over time and did not discuss budget requests, those are all
captured in the notes and will be brought to our next All hands on May
5, 2021.

#### Budgeting discussion from Spring Quarterly Planning Call

- Collectively reviewed https://link.hypha.coop/budget + requests from https://meetings.hypha.coop/2021-04-21-quarterly-planning-spring-2021.html
- Infra: Couble ram in server
- Operations: (add passbolt: https://help.passbolt.com/faq/contribute/financial-contribution)

- Process questions: 
    - bl: How do do one-off things? Need for Annual Budgeting? dc: +1
    - Align expense categories with terms from rodica and hema
        - dc: once you get balance sheet for FY2 we can look at them and adjust one/both categories

- All in attendance **consensed** and approved budget allocation of $1,998.14 for 2021 Q2, with early estimates for FY3 expenses provided

## Call me Chrysalis NEXT STEPS: [WIP]

- Move proposed initiatives into set up following the initiative playbook
- Dissolve/wrap up existing WG meeting structures (or determine what
carries over to the new initiative one) over the **next 3 weeks**
- Use this github issue as a checklist to track progress:
https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/453

DEADLINE to switch to initiative meetings and structure: 3 weeks == May 19! [May 26]



### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
