---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2021-02-03 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  yj, uv, dc, pc, bl, gi, el, bl  
Cultivator: pc  
Notetaker:  bl :raising_hand: yj, uv, dc, pc, gi, el, bl

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |          5 |
| [Task Board Review](#Task-Board-Review)         |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |
| [Process Checkout](#Process-Checkout)           |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- show & tell: (30 second to find something) find something around you that is almost purely sentimental value. What's the deal with it?

### Announcements

- udit submitted Canada Summer Job App :tada:
- dc + distributed press doing some collective writing, ping me if interested
- civil eng company looking for IT support (opp for yj)
- upcoming public events:
    - dpress/COMPOST at FOSDEM: https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/event/compost_artist_centric_development/
    - dpress/COMPOST at MozFest
    - dc session at MozFest

### Project Updates

- dpress/compost (uv)
    - uv: great. 1st round of edits. design going well. March 5 launch. presenting fosdem this sunday. mozfest end week of march. open to attendance of those.
    - bl: resubmitted NGI grant for EU MONEY. potential collab with sutty and/or neocities.
- aether (bl)
    - lots happening. backpay incoming. full contracts now. #todo:ops review contracts in drive. new ben-contract + other contract to allow hypha to participate at ben-rate.
- meet.coop (yj)
    - tech co-working on ansible next wk. got quarterly payment (yj, el, bl all got paid).
- MJW (pc)
    - proposal to seth for peer learning, seth has a counterproposal (seo + social media). tmr. wider group.
- StART (pc)
    - NL may involve in next version. convos happening.
    - timeframe: this round of work done in ~120 hours, mostly NL.
    - pc: integrating live data into map, last item.
- QM (dc)
    - timeframe: ongoing
    - call again soon
- bentway (dc)
    - timeframe: Feb, Mar
    - no update since last discussion
- opportunities:
    - passed on bitspossessed (no capacity)
    - lost on MySpaceFinder RFP (lost, 15 min followed up scheduled next week)

### Discussions

- ops: transformation plan (30 mins)
    - https://hackmd.io/WxHHMw7LRwmxNhGKaSWR3Q?both
    - started with 8 mins reading
    - points of confusion? none.
    - pay members, discuss how time is tied to money
        - bl: similar to meet.coop convos
        - bl: different skills and afinities. someone can spend more time than another more skilled person would take. balance of **efficiency vs upskilling**. ("someone taking 20h for certain job"). also ppl **who is just inefficient at a job should not do that job**
        - uv: getting into granularity of how much tasks are worth is good use of time. zoom out on those convos. deal with milestone and squad level. look at how much time has been used to move toward particular milestones.
        - uv: premise is collectivizing. **framing of inefficiency isn't appropriate for coop setting**.
        - dc: we have accountability structures. can **fall into squad structures**. haven't had the worry about differeing amounts of time. how can we provide support for collective forms. not worried about bl's concerns, as long as we have ways to be accountable.
        - pc: like deferring to squads. **concerns about flat rates**, feeling pressure of having to go faster. like to be paid less and go slower.
    - dc: "squad structure"? got it?
        - gi: is the pitcher the lead? dc: not necessarily. but should not have init where no one takes responsibility
        - gi: how to surface things back to group level from squad. cross squad polination.
        - bl: is Finance a squad? dc: two options... Finance isn't a squad. or "sustaining the org" = scope. bl: no easy answer.
        - uv: i have concrete suggestions about how to sequence/structure squads
            - other challenge is transition. does it make sense to "map" current WGs
            - uv: map WGs to squad or not?
            - uv: classify tasks not be "type" but "direction/goal" (e.g. increasing our sales by a certain amt)
            - uv: e.g. finance + infra ppl for X task. need leader / "core"
            - start with mapping OKR to specific initiatives
    - rounds:
        - pc: not certain about some things (e.g., losing spreadsheet). but think the change is good. +1 to collapse OKR process into strategic plan. 
        - yj: vibing with a lot of the stuff. shift in how we work, need simmer.
        - gi: curious about plan of action. long-term 3+ months. retreat? tiered membership structure?
        - el: will get used to new ways of working.
        - bl: generally agree with most here. concern that have structure and squad = new structure. might destabilize. maybe not better place. nervous of introducing more instability for internal work.
            - squads smaller, so more meetings?
        - dc: deceptive of how it appears. it's going to simplify things. "healthy culture heals broken process". we have a culture.
        - uv: pass. think it's a great proposal and it does simplify things. more cross-functional squads, work more with diff ppl. (yj: +1)
    - temp check:
        - bl: 4
        - yj: 4
        - el: 4
        - gi: 4
        - dc: 4
        - pc: 4
        - uv: 4
    - vote "stop biweekly standups" + "monthly social"
        - all: +1
- traffic company.
    - extended fam opp. civil eng digital office. prev IT person got covid and disappeared. (not dead) bl has been helping. wix website. wordpress. MS 365. data privacy. email. advice. small contract. $60-150
        - infra prototyping. meeting tomorrow. introducer. yj is squad lead.

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - ...skipped
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - ...skipped
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - ...skipped
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - ...skipped
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops]
    - ...skipped

### Task Board Review

- Archive DONE tasks :tada:
	- ...skipped
- Review [HIGH `[priority-★★★]`][l-pri-hi] tasks :fire:
	- ...skipped
- Triage NEW tasks :new:
	- ...skipped
- Assign [UNASSIGNED][l-none] tasks :briefcase:
	- ...skipped

### Process Checkout

- ...skipped


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
