---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
tags: Hypha
---
# 2021-06-30 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  bl, uv, gi, yj, el, ep, dc  
Cultivator: bl  
Notetaker:  uv

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- bad reasons for being late:
    - dc: nuclear fallout, a radioactive meltdown
    - yj: your dog ate your wifi
    - uv: bad sushi
    - el: no internet
    - gi: chase a rabbit 
    - ep: chair fell off the balcony
    - bl: experiencing a local solar eclipse

### Announcements

- Aether launch?
    - bl will send invite to everybody
    - everybody try it out!
- Paying for all internal hours starting July 2, 2021, THIS FRIDAY :currency_exchange: :money_with_wings: 
    - Critical: Use clockify to put in hours (do it for June before Monday but hopefully not over the weekend)
- Social with Informal Systems: next Thursday in Christie Pits park @ 18.00 
    - with either Jelena or other informal folks
- Goodbye to Garry for the summer :wave: 

### Discussions

- Ready to Initiative
    - remember we're dissolving wg's to initiatives
    - dc worked from miro board to copy over descriptions into the handbook
    - dc [has a pr](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/pull/127/files)
    - we also have this [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LyElXvLj7ASclSPQqcgOnuEWqBWBStilEfOhIosZzhA/edit#gid=1841786771) which will be used for checking in on proposed hours collectively
- Initiatives
    - migration
        - el will be lead
        - yk -> yj
    - dripline
        - dc (lead), uv, +ep, +el
        - label (drip)
        - monthly calls
    - hello
        - uv (lead), dc, +bl, +yj
    - improving tech stack
        - yj (lead), el
        - label (improvetech)
        - monthly calls
    - living organization
        - uv (lead for now), dc, bl
        - label (living org? homeostasis?)
    - fiscal host
    - radical coop development
        - uv, dc (meet monthly)
    - <lost track here, but dc fixing behind the scenes directly on gh>
    - Check-in on finance and ops?
        - bl: have calls as needed for finance and ops
        - dc: maybe we should have a polled time for infra <> finance <> operations
        - Next week (prior to July 9)
        - clip: starting in pay period of July we'll be paid differently (internal will be paid + higher clip)
- AGM planning
    - bl + uv to meet next week for AGM agenda prep
    - dc offsite:
        - in a park nearby?
        - further out? scarborough?

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - Moving to initiatives 
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - Quarter end, year end, CWCF grant
    - Elani onto payroll, some delays
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Plan AGM
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - Matrix incident report
    - Last meeting yesterday
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops]
    - Getting ready for the switchover
    - Contracts
        - Curtis
        - Call with Brenna
        - Ben E
            - todo: bl will clarify

### Project Updates
- Aether!
- Meet.coop applied for grant


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
