---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
---
# 2021-03-03 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  dc, pc, gi, el, yj ,uv
Cultivator: yj  
Notetaker:  gi :raising_hand: uv, dc, pc, el, bl, yj, gi

## Agenda

| Item                                                    | Time (min) |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | ----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)                 |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                         |          5 |
| [Call me Chrysalis - Update](#Call-me-Chrysalis-Update) |         15 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates)         |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)                     |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                             |          5 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins

- What's your go to coffee?
    - pc: secret shame, instant tim horton's coffee
    - yj: don't do coffee, tea, (coffee = not a good day)
    - dc: tea, strong black tea, herbal in the afternoon
    - uv: caffeine everything, time of day and urgency, french press, moka pot, caffeine pills (for emergencies), green tea in the afternoons, black tea when hanging out with friends, dependant on caffeine (so bad)

### Announcements

- OC promo video sponsorship (pc) #115
    - it happened, mentioned in chat
    - contributing $500 (USD)

### Call me Chrysalis - Update

- 4/5 WG followed through on tasks
- Recheck in on where we are at, advise on next steps, coming up ask
- We're in the Feb, done most of the tasks
- 3 small things by March (refer to Miro board)
- March: Range of asks for WGs
- Layout of new meeting structure (April first meet)
    - Codifying our annual retreat format
    - Support for writing initiative
    - Handbook revamp
    - Kanban norms (through GitHub)
- Next call: Consider discussion of tools. Refine the places we're in and commitment for people to use them
- What came out of reviewing what has been done (refer to Miro board)
    - Infra: update services inventory, retiring some of the tools?, update on the migration for planning meeting, voting (continue a way of voting and analysis of tools, proposal for tool?)
    - All WGs: Budget requests
    - bl: gitlab kanban board works seems nicer. pointing out
    - Finance: provide forecast, year to date, budgeting needs finer grain
        - bl: we get an estimate of recurring
        - dc: no way of attributing to WGs at the moment, seeing it as a lump sum at the moment. method of attributing to initiative
        - bl: needs call with accountant and OC data (inflow and outflow categories)
        - dc: collective approval of budget, guardrails for purposing initiatives
        - dc: forecast and budget are distinct deliverables
        - bl: granularity in budget?
        - uv: type of activity, categories
        - dc: scaffold, and a little more detail, and a prefered template for budgeting, start small and easy
        - uv: pie chart of money that has been spent
        - yj: could be derived from QuickBooks
    - Business Dev:
        - Strategic mapping, some way of engaging with opportunities, fuzzy on what it looks like
        - update our positioning in an ecosystem
    - Operations:
        - Provide transition plan for initiatives (WG -> initiatives, written up process for WGs to follow, mapping)
        - Health and safety
        - How we support planning meetings, templating for running meetings
    - Governance:
        - Strategic report for AGM review
        - Maturing org, review of by-laws, budget requests
- 6-weeks timeline, clearer ask in 2 weeks, already get started
- Planning session: template based on UVs start, draw from strategic meeting and purposed template
- 2-hour meeting commitment for planning
- Group ask: WG transition to initiatives, roles mapping, defining of roles to initiatives, 8 strategic goals (check-in and course correct)
- We're kind of getting to the 8 strategic goals

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz]
    - uv: opps related to OC, polis, launched the blog, next blog post on Polis
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin]
    - bl: sent out invoices, paid out through OC for Compost, found bugs in OC interface (some $ loss)
    - bl: download t4s, home office expenses (needs some context, discussion item)
        - yj: hypha can generate letter if non-simple WFH expense
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov]
    - Re-submitted the articles, waiting to hear back
    - Ongoing with Informal
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - yg: Went through task list, cleared out, closed out
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops] - dc (pc?)
    - pc: Setup of OC, transformation initiative

### Project Updates

- dpress/compost (uv)
    - close to launch, crunch mode, weekend work to get site up
    - https://one.compost.digital feedback and bugs, don't share yet
    - session at mozfest next week
        - invite dc to panel
- TraffMobility (yj)
    - Starting the setup, emails on migration starting tomorrow moving way from google to MS
- meet.coop (yj)
    - Finalizing deal with gov BBB cluster 3-4 months
    - Seperate project outside the standard model
    - Trying to get access to server (el, yj)
    - Working on streaming BBB to RTMP server (automating ON streaming workflow)
- Bentway (gi)
    - call with macy and rob
    - submitted our statement of intent, just got email from rob from bentway
- StART (pc)
    - last week of last sprint
    - Transition to NL, use templates with names/org reversed
    - #todo:pc ask NL. will deal be reciprocal? should they take cut? (bl)
    - #todo:pc msg john about getting samdisha time for retro 
- QM (dc)
    - Consulting bi-weekly, great session, QM excited about speculative things
    - Cocktail hour vibes
- MJW (pc)
    - not a lot of motion this week
    - need to setup weekly hours, open office hours for members
- aether (bl)
    - falling behind because of compost
    - current infra work is pretty cool, share with infra group
    - gpg, random tech problems
    - hypha account? pc: syndicating content? (for later)
- OC: fiscal hosting (pc)
    - onboarding: equity for who, civictech group, 2.5 projects are interested
- OC Canada (pc)
    - OC ask for plans serving other provinces
    - hypha as co-founders/co-sponsors, looking for support on legal and finance setups
    - no set timeline, small scope of work to pitch as a possibility
    - #todo: pc plan bizdev convo
- opportunities:
    - parked

### Discussions

- [Moved to top]


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
