---
breaks:  false # See: https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd/issues/40#issuecomment-172927690
tags: Hypha
---
# 2021-06-16 Hypha Worker Co-op: All Hands

<sup>[from template][template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][drive]</sup>

Time:       5:00-6:00pm ET  
Location:   https://link.hypha.coop/calls  
Attending:  bl, dc, ep, el, gi, uv, yj  
Cultivator: bl  
Notetaker:  el

## Agenda

| Item                                            | Time (min) |
|:------------------------------------------------|-----------:|
| [Personal Checkins](#Personal-Checkins)         |          5 |
| [Announcements](#Announcements)                 |          5 |
| [Working Group Updates](#Working-Group-Updates) |         15 |
| [Project Updates](#Project-Updates)             |         15 |
| [Discussions](#Discussions)                     |         20 |

## Notes

### Personal Checkins (+ Quick Intros)

- Name, Where joining from, Working Groups, Type of Work in Hypha
    - bl: Joining from TO in finance WG, work on projects like **COMPOST** (a magazine)/ **Distributed Press** (the tool that makes COMPOST work), **Aether** (a collaboration tool for online communities), is a software engineer
    - uv: Based in TO, in biz planning WG and support in others as needed, working with bl on **COMPOST** (a magazine), working on **Cosmos** (a blockchain project), background in engineering
    - gi: Based in TO, mostly a designer, co-work with dc on **The Bentway** microresidency
    - yj: trained on programming but do anything with computers, projects like **meet.coop** using BBB, working with clients like **Traffmobility**
    - el: TO, networking in infra, for our server, internal tools, work on **meet.coop**, **COMPOST**, **Cosmos**
    - dc: From downtown TO in the OPs WG and Gov WG and some Biz dev, more on the research side, on **Quartermaster** project and some **Cosmos**
    - ep: Currently in GTA just moved in, school in Carlton in commucations
- Salad dressing, go!
    - dc: basic balsamic+oil (very unoriginal)
    - uv: lime, salt, fresh ground chili (classic that my parents make)
    - bl: honey, apple cider vinegar, olive oil, balsamic vinegar (small portion), sesame oil/paste
    - el: anything that goes good with salad
    - ep: Balsamic vinegar and chili
    - yj: Salad
    - gi: dumb basic vinaigrette (vinegar, lemon)

### Announcements

- bl: back in TO and staying in the city so can Co-work

### Working Group Updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg] [`wg:business-planning`][l-biz] (uv, dc)
    - bl: are you still having regular meetings
        - having one this week and next week
    - mostly getting ready for ep joining
- [Finance][fin-wg] [`wg:finance`][l-fin] (bl)
    - have a new accountent
        - #todo uv ping Giles
    - update accounts for inactive members
    - yj: are we doing RoE
        - dc: we should do
    - CWCF grant still haven't recived yet
    - bl: Get ev setup for payroll
        - dc: mostly setup
    - year end?
- [Governance][gov-wg] [`wg:governance`][l-gov] (dc)
    - Gov will be Gov + stredrey
    - Weekend of July 24 / 25 AGM
        - uv notification for dates
    - #todo: set up gh issue for AG + ping dc & bl 
    - bl may also join if doing AGM stuff
- [Infrastructure][inf-wg] [`wg:infrastructure`][l-inf]
    - last meeting is 29th moving to initative
- [Operations][ops-wg] [`wg:operations`][l-ops] (dc)
    - pc going inactive
    - offboarding inactive members and onboarding ep
    - org transformation
        - next 2 weeks people desolve wg to initative
        - bl familar with OC

### Project Updates

- dc: can we move discussions up?
- dc: ACCA sessions not ready to deliver yet and book 2 remaining sessions

### Discussions

- Erase and stop auto renew on old dedicated OVH server
    - #todo Elon to stop
- Incident Report: Matrix Chat Recovery? 
    - Debian 9 -> Debian 10 upgrade, failed, but removed old DB
    - not possible to recover data
    - backup was in Jan, our host removed backup drive in Jan
    - sync'd data via federations
    - accounts made after Jan 4 are gone
    - unfederated channels have to be recreated
    - dc: should start with incident report +1 uv
        - why some rooms theres history and some don't
    - bl: does infra have budget for this?
        - gi: work on it async?
- Call my Chrylasis update (dc)
    - Check-in on initative lead https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/pull/127
        - July 1st will switch to initiatives
        - https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/blob/bc108d453af920ce4d0b8674c89bb6d971147f22/roles.md#initiative-lead
        - dc: async review can gi review after?
        - bl: hard to define hard limits
        - uv: budget changes
        - bl: invoicing for client stuff 
        - bl: who is the finance lead
            - dc: have 2 people listed in finance (can fix)
        - pc leading OC but will be bl taking over
    - By next Fri June 25: finished setup using playbook
    - Wed Jun 30: review at All Hands any lingering issues
    - Jun 30 - Fri Jul 2 virtual office updates (Operations / dc)
    - From July 1st we need to track our hours
- bl: Rates to bill to clients (parked from last week)
    - How we think of Standard/Solidarity/Recommended minimum rates
        - bl: What is the standard rates?
            - bl: is the rate you tell people is the standard rate?
            - uv: is the rate thats not discounted and is for a client project and no fiancical 
            - bl: should be the same for each client
                - dc: not agree
            - a different standard rate for each category
                - can get messy with different rates with different clients
            - anyone near TO, or same type of work we do can take solidarity rate
            - we should update the historical rates of projects
            - bl: historical rates don't serve the purpose he wants
                - does not projects future rates
            - reccommend mimimum rate
                - e.g. if rate is $60 and if it is mission aligned and they can do $30 if we can take from reserve we can do it if not we can't
                - dc: do the minimum cost to "run" employee  
            - dc: we should talk about in AGM
    - Proposal here: https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/pull/130
- bl: Scaling internal capacity
    - Less internal initiatives?
        - OC
        - Internal infra
        - bl: we can scale down OC and internal infor and scale up external contracting
        - uv: big AGM question
        - dc: we should think about recruiting members and doing the work instead of sub-contracting
            - bl: yes sub-contracting is intended as recruiting for members
    - Scale up personnel
        - Hire aggressively and expand client projects
        - Make a lot more money to fund internal labour (admin & internal initiatives)
- ON Govt Reopening plan and Hypha (parked again) (dc)
    - updating COVID page and slowly removing things from it


### Action Items for Cultivator

- [ ] Migrate items with `#todo:person` to [task board][tasks]
- [ ] Publish meeting notes as [open access][public], or [publicly indexed][index] with [restricted access][private]
- [ ] Reset meeting pad for next meeting

<!-- Links: Important -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.coop/template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[drive]:    https://link.hypha.coop/drive

<!-- Links: Labels -->
[l-pri-hi]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★★]
[l-pri-md]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★★☆]
[l-pri-lo]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:[priority-★☆☆]
[l-pri-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:[priority-★☆☆]+-label:[priority-★★☆]+-label:[priority-★★★]
[l-biz]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:business-planning"
[l-fin]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:finance"
[l-gov]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:governance
[l-inf]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:infrastructure"
[l-ops]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=label:"wg:operations"
[l-none]: https://github.com/orgs/hyphacoop/projects/2?card_filter_query=-label:wg:operations+-label:wg:infrastructure+-label:wg:finance+-label:wg:governance+-label:wg:business-planning

<!-- Links: Working Groups -->
[biz-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/biz-wg
[fin-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/fin-wg
[gov-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/gov-wg
[inf-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/inf-wg
[ops-wg]: https://link.hypha.coop/ops-wg

<!-- Links: Archive -->
[public]:   https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
[index]:    https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/new/master?filename=_posts/private/meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md&value=Empty%20file%20for%20public%20indexing%20of%20access-restricted%20file.
[private]:  https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing-private/new/master?filename=meeting-notes/2021-MM-DD-all-hands.md
