Toronto Workers Co-op Meeting 7 Nov 2018
========================================

[üìß Mailing List: members@cryptography.dog](mailto:members@cryptography.dog)  
[üóì Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
[üìë Retreat Planning Board](https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-meetup/projects/1)  

Time: 7 Nov 2018 5:30 pm EST  
Location: https://appear.in/offline  
Attending: udit, yurko, dcwalk, benhylau, garry  

[TOC]

## Agenda 

### Our collective history

>Sep 00 ansuz: manifesto, that's the word you're looking for  
>Sep 26 yurko: bridge riot to the mailing list  
>Oct 03 dcwalk: minimal computing, reuse every hash  
>Oct 04 dcwalk: Also, buuuuy iiiit benhylau! Add to the hoard  
>Oct 31 yurko: we can then become ONE with the coop...  
 
### Funding leads

1. H2020 with XWiki + MaZi/NetCommons + Guifi (benhylau to pitch the idea)
3. H2020 with XWiki + zelf (benhylau + ansuz spoke with zelf briefly)
4. Mozilla Foundation (benhylau got details from Mehan, community networks + open-source project areas)
5. Norway national grants (benhylau spoke with Stig about possible collaborative project ideas)

### Domain name

- In case you haven't heard:

  >benhylau: if I one day meet this person I am going to squat all their domains they dream in all of domain authorities and put up a fuck you page on every single one of them
- benhylau proposes .cat domain for our current project and theme our projects .cat .dog

### Schedule Dec retreat

- Plan:
    - https://hackmd.io/pY2llFzrRDeO7TebdaauQQ?view
- Poll or time (week of Dec 2-8):
    - https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-meetup/issues/10

## Meeting Notes

### Our collective history

- We'll put them on a blockchain

### Funding leads

1. H2020 with XWiki + MaZi/NetCommons + Guifi (benhylau to pitch the idea)
    - Opportunity for more tech
    - Seems like there is a fit with how they work with Guifi folks (see: http://nethood.org/slides/barcelona_currencies/antoniadis_et_al_barcelona_paper_draft.pdf) 
    - They have grant admin and writing expertise
    - Maybe a good fit with granting trends and their current roadmap and planning
    - Next step... set up a meeting?
    - dcwalk: Make clear what do _we_ want to get out of this, and be mindful of extractive practices
    - dcwalk: can this wait until after dec?
    - dcwalk: what is xwiki role?
        - xwiki already in 2020 horizon grant partnership
    - dcwalk: what is our capacity?
2. H2020 with XWiki + zelf (benhylau + ansuz spoke with zelf briefly)
    - Did not discuss, wait for ansuz
3. Mozilla Foundation (benhylau got details from Mehan, community networks + open-source project areas)
    - "active community contributing and using the project"
    - "path to sustainability"
    - low overhead review process
    - benhylau: what would be the pitch
        - could make a case that tomesh is there?
        - meshable device
        - p2p workshops
4. Norway national grants (benhylau spoke with Stig about possible collaborative project ideas)
    - Did not discuss, wait for ansuz
- Keep a long-list for leads
- If any applications are being formulated before the visioning retreat, should think through very carefully who is able to work
- This seems like the outcome of the end of a year (e.g., we want to level up/ladder up)
- dcwalk: Can we defer as much as possible until after retreat?
- Hook into existing ecosystems:
    - Join Data Together reading group
    - Do a lot of coordination on SSB
    - Use Loomio so we can relate to processes of other groups
- Meeting became domains of mushrooms, and having space (dcwalk stuff basically)
- In Barcelona, the city gave space + funding for this initiative:
    - [El LleialTec: Pla de Sobirania Tecnol√≤gica als equipaments municipals](https://tec.lleialtat.cat)
    - Workshops, meetings about open-source software, community processes for deciding digital tools, document extensively so the model for "Technological Sovereignty Plan for municipal facilities" can be reproducible
    - benhylau thinks the analysis in the doc is very solid
- Cira:
    - End-of-Feb deadline, benhylau thinks the fit is excellent
    - udit thinks ethnographic research (as a pitch) should be a pre-requisite for mesh tech
    - udit super interested, garry pretty interested, benhylau think ansuz could be interested
    - benhylau raised that in other projects there are parallel efforts, but it'd be nice for Toronto to have local efforts funded through Cira
        - e.g. Nico's work documenting indigenous community needs, MaZi project documenting communities in previous H2020 cycle

## TODO

- [x] benhylau: Make a poll for retreat date and time
- [ ] benhylau: Set up call with Nico + Panayotis, put on our chat
- [ ] benhylau: Set up Loomio for prototype
- [x] dcwalk: First pass on Playbook: https://hackmd.io/pY2llFzrRDeO7TebdaauQQ?edit
- [ ] benhylau: Finalize-ish Playbook: https://hackmd.io/pY2llFzrRDeO7TebdaauQQ?edit
- [ ] Form Legal working group: dcwalk udit benhylau
    - Legal requirements understandings (doc creation?) add to playbook: https://hackmd.io/pY2llFzrRDeO7TebdaauQQ?edit
        - "set of reccomendations"
        - filter? "What bases do we have to cover"-style checklist
        - identify "domain experts"
