# 2019-06-05 Toronto Workers Co-op: All-Hands Meeting

<sup>[from template][template]</sup>

[:date: Calendar][cal] | [:cat: GitHub][gh] | [:open_file_folder: GDrive][gdrive]

Time: 17:00 - 18:00 EDT  
Location: https://meet.jit.si/hyphacoop  
Attending: patcon, dcwalk, garrying, elon, yurko (later) 

Notetaker: garry

:raising_hand: Next: benedict, patcon, udit, dc, elon, yurko, garry  
<sup>Bump to end on taking turn :)</sup>

[TOC]

## Agenda

- Quick Working Group Updates (10 mins)
    - [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - [Finance][fin-wg]
    - [Governance][gov-wg]
    - [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
- Past items:
    - [ ] all: collect examples for handbook toolchain discussion
    - [x] elon: migrate services from .club/.dog to .coop domain (loomio / jitsi name / experimental services (pw))
        - [ ] infraops: what to do with link.hypha.club/drive and http://pass.hypha.systems
    - [x] all: review business plan in google docs
- New items
    - Discuss: Meeting pace (dcwalk)
    - Discuss: Task tracker (patcon)

## Announcements

- conversations with government about facilitation re: pol.is
- Submit Articles of Incorporation Thursday 
- Moved Loomio to .coop domain: [loomio.hypha.coop](loomio.hypha.coop)
- We have a LinkedIn page (patcon)

## Notes

### Working group updates

- [Business Planning][biz-wg]
    - Updating of the business planning doc
    - Strategic and financial plan for first year
        - Operating expenses still an unknown
- [Finance][fin-wg]
    - Stalled until incorporation
    - Open account with Dejardins (after incorporation)
- [Governance][gov-wg]
    - Incorporation signed
    - TODO Patcon: Review articles of incorporation (PDF in Drive)
- [Infra & Ops][ino-wg]
    - Infrastructure inventory doc (inspo from EDGI, public)
    - Passbolt (experimental still)
    - Flagged: Short-link spreadsheet feedback
    - TODO Infra: Review short-link implimentation MVP
        - Unclear when to give feedback
    - Idea: Quick decision point in calls
        - Loomio decision

### Meeting Pace

- Summer schedule is changing for people
    - Should we continue meeting weekly?
    - Getting over the hump of incorporation
- Maybe a way of signalling no-updates
    - More breezy updates
- Every 2 weeks?
- More conversational, quick chat
- Rifting on another open-call (1 question, what's on your mind, what are updates?)
- Meetings are still needed:
    - work needs to be done with by-laws and operations
- Informal meeting every 2 weeks
    - With no hard agenda
- 15 minutes?
- Should start a project call?
- TODO Patcon: A poll on new call schedule/cadence and format
    - Start at 30mins for now, and maybe scale back to 15mins
- TODO Patcon: A poll on project call schedule/cadence and format

### Task Tracking

- For project work:
    - Get concensus with the project team on task management/tracking
- Multiple levels and tools: internal projects with working groups and external groups
- Patcon: Finding hard to track through Loomio
- We already have multiple repos that assist in task tracking for WGs
- Patcon: A single GitHub repo for org-level tracking
    - Prefers Trello, or something like it
- Yurko: Wouldn't be a bad thing to have
    - Not sure what it would look like
- GitHub Projects have an org-wide view?
- Speaking to the value of a Project Management role
- Try something first and respond to it to see if it works
- Maybe think about a CivicTechTO role proposal process
    - People express interest
- Maybe have the role accounted for with an incoming project and be a model for org-level PM process
- Fuzzy multiple places: Loomio, GitHub, Google Doc, Hackmd, Chat

## Follow Up

### Actionable Items

- [ ] all: Review short-link implementation MVP
- [ ] patcon: Create a Loomio thread on short link implementation
- [ ] patcon: create loomio poll for new summer meeting/check-in cadence
- [ ] garry+patcon: begin drafting org PM role definition
- [ ] patcon: update [template][template] with new call url
- [ ] patcon: update template with new format ([example](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/blob/master/2019-05-15-all-hands-meeting.md))
- [ ] patcon: migrate last week's notes to github
- [ ] patcon: migrate these notes to github

### Upcoming Discussions

(Copied from May 27, 29 meeting)

- Review Y1 strategic/financial plan:
  - Compensation
    - Relationship of "billable" and "non-billable" work and compensation
    - Wage (Living Wage, Guaranteed Income)
  - Financal Plan
    - Y1 operating costs
    - Projected income (profit-loss) statement
  - Strategic Plan (lite)
- Design jamming continues
- Check-in on [Transition of Infrastructure](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/WbpzjRho/transition-virtual-office-to-co-operative-name-and-identity) (and Cleanup)
    - decision: [using shortlinks in official way](https://loomio.cryptography.dog/d/GF980QVL/domain-name-selection/14)
- Check-in [dc's research/study proposal](https://hackmd.io/kLoRWrsnQAGg29pVtZvYSQ?view)
- Finances software


<!-- Links -->
[template]: https://link.hypha.club/template
[cal]: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s2224p8sptnujs736vplf9anjo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto
[gh]: https://github.com/cryptographydog/december-retreat
[gdrive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/14KYnYwOEK3InYZ3jCn-Gtf5q430sE9oc
[biz-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/ojZI2bPl/working-groups-business-planning
[fin-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/sRPwaorg/working-groups-finance
[gov-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/BaAj6dQn/working-groups-governance-by-laws-incorporation-articles-gm-
[ino-wg]: https://loomio.cryptography.dog/g/KvARWad7/working-groups-infrastructure-and-operations
